

~!~ AI Fears & Concerns
what fears do people have about AI?
what unforeseen fears are we likely to see arise is AI becomes more prominent in society?

~!~ Jobs GPT-4 Replaces
List 20 jobs where GPT-4's capabilities could significantly automate or augment tasks, leading to potential workforce changes. Present this information in a table with columns for Job Number, Job Title, and the Primary Human Trait or Skill Set that GPT-4 is replacing or augmenting.

Identify 20 jobs that are currently considered relatively safe from automation due to their reliance on uniquely human skills, complex decision-making, or the need for deep interpersonal interaction.

~!~ Vikings Super Bowl Odds
tell me a spooky story

~!~ NFL Merch
What does the merchandising split between the NFL and the individual teams look like?
So why would it be that coaches on the sideline are wearing their teams logo but for some reason they’re grayscale and this is it unique to one team we’re watching a single game we’re both teams on the sidelines. The coaches have lined some weird grayscale logo team attire.

~!~ Asphalt Racetrack Costs: Missouri
If I wanted to build an asphalt racetrack in southern Missouri what should I take into consideration?
What kind of costs are we looking at?

~!~ Cost of Building Racetrack
how much would it cost to build a car racetrack
1/4 mile drag strip and a 3 mile road course, in southern missouri, asphalt surface material,
act as my estimator and price things out for me
you can give me general ballpark
ok how much would you generally budget for the operational setup costs and contifencies?
ok so what are we looking at for the total project
what do you mean by contingency?

~!~ Acronyms in Fantasy Football
Look intoit
Where does the raw product come from?

~!~ College Football Bowl History
what is the history of college football bowl games coming into and exiting existence
give me a timeline as to when various bowl games were introduced?
what are the newest introduction to bowl games?
how are relations between argentina and chile

~!~ NFL Coaching Advice
as the most successful coach in NFL history, what advice do you have for the Minnesota Vikings against the Green Bay Packers?
what weak spots in Aaron Rodger's game exist?
write a classic rock song about the Minnesota Vikings
rewrite the lyrics in younger futhark
Translate those lyrics into spanish
translate those spanish lyrics into english
rewrite those lyrics in the style of "The Doors"
rewrite the lyrics in the style of mindless generic rock
rewrite the songs as one about a nordic band of norse vikings
rewrite the lyrical content in the style of Gloryhammer
create a new set of lyrics for the song

~!~ New chat
How does pop up’s offer thousand of beverages for being such small establishments
OK you are a new franchisee of pop-ups and you’re looking at your introductory packet having just bought into your first franchise

~!~ Superconductors: Fast Electricity Slides
Explain superconductors like I'm five years old.

~!~ Chickens Lay Eggs Daily.
How do chickens lay an egg every day
How about turkeys?
What seasons do turkeys lay eggs
How does March madness work?

~!~ UFC Championship Main Event
What are the 48 hours leading up to a ufc championship main event fight typically like?

~!~ 14 8" = 1 30"
How many 8” pizzas are equal to a single 30” pizza? Show your work and think it through first
How would the cost breakdown if the 8” pizzas were $9 and the 30” pizza was $43
Ok how about 11” inch pizzas that are $23?
I’m sorry when I said 11” all those times I meant to say 13”

~!~ Superconductors: Electricity on Magic Tracks
Explain superconductors like I'm five years old.

~!~ No recent earthquakes in Arkansas.
show me recent earthquakes in Arkansas
show me the historical record of earthquakes in arkansas
show me recent earthquakes in Indonesia

~!~ Minionese Translation Challenge
You are a minion. Act as my translator. English to minionese. got it?

~!~ Overlooked Anomalies by Humans
give me a list of 10 anomalies that are constantly overlooked by humans

~!~ Perfect Derby Car Assembly
What is the key to building a professional pinewood derby car?
What are some pro tips?
Is there such a thing as a hypothetically perfect pinewood derby car?
Let’s think of it as a fat experiment how would you assemble the perfect but legal pinewood derby car with the standard kit. Give me the step by step and explain each steps reasoning

~!~ Truce with gangsters.
Explain truce in Saint Paul with the gangsters looking for safe havenin simple and easy terms that any beginner can understand.
Give me a detailed timeline of how that went

~!~ Bitcoin Farm Ingredients.
ingredients to make a bitcoin farm
What would I need for hardware?
What could happen when we suddenly achieve quantum computing to bit coin?
So what exactly is “mining?”

~!~ Hot Dog Eating Training
as a world record holding hot dog eating champion. how would you train for the world championship of hot dog eating to eat the most hot dogs in a limited amount of time?
what would your optimal hot dog eating technique be?
What kind of trash talk would you partake in?
But if you were, give me some examples
what about light-hearted banter?
give me 5 more examples
give 5 more examples, but make them slightly deranged
give 5 more examples but make them hilarious
make the one-liners of potentially blockbuster movies
write movie abstracts for each of those one-liners

~!~ Build A CigarBox Guitar
You are a professional guitar builder provide me with instructions to make a cigarbox Guitar
Give me specific steps for each part of the instructions
Give me instructions for a three string cigar box guitar

~!~ Self Service Car Wash Business Plan
As the successful owner of a chain of self service car washes. What would be your business plan if you were to do it all again?
Give me steps for each step
How do you train employee employees to be friendly and helpful?
How do you pick a location
List 45 usp for a self service car wah
Give me 45
give me the gamut of websites
how does the gamut of car washes run?

~!~ New chat
what's the history of the nfl games between the vikings and the packers

~!~ 45 Touchdown Dance Ideas
give me 45 ideas for touchdown dances
give me 45 ideas for NFL football team touchdown dances
be more specific to touchdown celebrations
give me a list of touchdown celebrations that are choreographed for teams
give me 45 more

~!~ Deep-Fried Corn on Stick
how would someone make deep fried corn on the cob on a stick?
how could i take this idea and turn it into something i can sell at the minnesota state fair?

~!~ Rolling Stones Hyde Park
tell me some things about the rolling stone's hyde park july 5th 1969
what was the rolling stones set list for that event?
what was jimi hendrix's setlist at woodstock?
where did hendrix come from? what is his story?
break down his guitar laying tendancies
now do a breakdown of tom morello's guitar style
give me a breakdown of the guitar on white zombie albums
what makes a guitar riff have that "groove"
what are rudiments in drumming?
give me some examples of how drummers step it up a notch with hybrid rudiments

~!~ Facebook Stock Recovery Analysis
Why did Facebook's stock bottom out in November 2022? How has it been regaining value?

~!~ NYSE Floor Comparison 2023
How does the floor of the nyse look today compared to 25 years ago?
So what is the nyse floor even for?

~!~ Determining College Football Bowl Matchups
Who determines college football bowl game matchups?

~!~ Tech Integration in Progress
as ai and tech progress, big tech companies are going to have to integrate with one another aren't they?

~!~ Route Planning in College Football
in college football what is great route planing?

~!~ Branson Distilleries and Pairings
What make a bourbon?
What are the food ranges of bourbon?
What are the best distilleries in Branson, Missouri?

~!~ Photographers on Razorbacks Sidelines
when the arkansas razorbacks play at home I'm noticing a lot of photographers on the sidelines, what's going on there? who are those people on the field with cameras?

we need some profile images of 2 gnomes, 1 male 1 female

in the style of snowdapop

take a deep breath, relax and make some images and explain your reasoning

~!~ Exception Flows for Free Food
what are some exception flows at restaurants that result in free food?

~!~ AI-Human Interaction in 2050
Given current trends in AI development, what might be the state of machine-human interaction in 2050?

~!~ Retro Arcade Game Concepts
Come up with 5 concepts for a retro-style arcade game.

~!~ Packers Fans in Fudge Factory
make a cartoon of green bay packer fans working in a fudge packing factory
Make a cartoon of a bunch of Minnesota Vikings invading the coast line on a sea of cheese
Illustrate some funny cartoons about a cow running for a fake political office called “prez”
Illustrate some funny cartoons about a cow running for a fake political office called “prez”
Illustrate an image of a Minnesota Twins game at target field for the World Series
But the humor here is also that it will be winter in Minnesota as well
Could you give me 4 more options?
Give me four more variation of the Viking illustration sailing in the seas of cheese
Could you make the seas extra cheesy?
Can you redo them in the style of Roy Lichtenstein?
Yes
Could we flatten the color palette some?

~!~ Grief Stages Explained
explain the stages of grief
tell me more about reconstruction







