~!~ Key Takeaways from "Mastery"
what are the key take aways of mastery by robert greene

~!~ Buyer Motivations: Why Buy?
Hi I’m trying to embrace ai to the max, how can the different personas each help me do that?
What kind of things should I ask #6 give me a list of 10 useful examples
What is it about chivetv that makes it so captivating and why do people keep giving them footage for free?
What other niches along the lines of what chivetv should be filled that aren’t?
Ok so if they depend on providers is there an open source source for content?
Ok let’s talk to Rene! What the point of all this?
What’s our eh to fill their why?
Take me down the iceberg of the why Rene
Ok let’s reframe this as to why do we buy what we buy?

~!~ Consumer Trends by Month
Tell me about buyer behavior in the month of January.
What else is notable about Shopping Trends in January? Give me 20 more. Thanks.
Could you repeat your answer?
Let's zoom in on Home Decor.
Okay, so how do things change in Apple Harry?
February, the second month of the year.
Give me 20 more notable things.
Let's move on to March, the third month of the year.
Could you give me 20 more insights?
Let's move on to April, the fourth month of the year.
Let's go on to May, the fifth month of the year.
What about June, the 6th month of the year?

~!~ Create Project Board!
Let's create a board for a project!
the project is creating a series of stand alone vignettes about the haunting of a restaurant's kitchen. these vignettes are meant to go viral and be shared on social media, primarily youtube shorts and instagram. the idea is that a lot of people work in kitchens and would enjoy some supernatural elements mixed with their work
OK this sounds like a bored We can roll with So let's get initial thoughts from each individual on the board to get things started

~!~ OpenAI Cookbook Review
👩‍💻 Find and review the OpenAI Cookbook on GitHub.

~!~ $ Design Firm Structure
how could i best ask gpt through prompt the organizational structure of a typical design firm?
Can you provide a detailed breakdown of the organizational structure of a typical design firm, including the main roles, their responsibilities, and the hierarchy?
ok let's narrow our focus to a top tier etsy shop that uses POD to fulfill their orders that specializes in norse, nordic, and midwestern themed designs
could you make a flow chart the displays who is answering to who?
what would be an optimal way to organize this group between 2 people and AI agents
could you draw bpml graphics to illustrate that organizational structure?

~!~ B2C Car Rental Strategy
I would like a concrete plan for starting a B2C campaign to rent cars to people.
Follow the steps below. I want to concrete elements and powerful techniques.

- Base yourself on the web for 2023 techniques, but search the internet no more than 2 times.
- Ask you AI Council for an opinion on what you've found, and ask the council the best way to keep track of the cars and payments on Google Sheets.
- Ask AI Agents to use your AI Council's report to create a plan for me as a step-by-step strategy for keeping track of the business using Google Sheets.
continue
ok let's start over.

I would like a concrete plan for managing my small car rental business.
Follow the steps below. I want to use the power of google sheets and i imagine there would be at least 

- Base yourself on the web for 2023 best practices in organizing the sheets, but search the internet no more than 2 times.
- Ask the AI Council for an opinion on what you've found, and ask the council the best way to keep track of the cars and payments on Google Sheets to manage the fleet of 90 vehicles.
- Ask the AI Agents to use your AI Council's report to create a plan for me to follow as I build a step-by-step strategy for keeping track of the business using Google Sheets.
ok that's alright, but there are some twists that we see coming like:
 - terms of payment are custom to each agreement
 - we'd want to have probably 2 sheets in a spreadsheet, 1 for customers, and the other for the vehicles. maybe a 3rd sheet that tracks agreements and simply references the car and renter in each agreement and it will be the agreement that holds the columns terms of the agreement

how would that work? or would it be a good way to go?
Do you mean like a CRM for a more capable system?

~!~ Employee Engagement Innovations
Create a list of employee engagement best practices, and think outside the box

~!~ Product Insights & Sales Analysis
what insights can you derive from this data?
please generate some new garden flag ideas based on these insights
ok give me instructions on how i should draft the garden quote flag
analyze the dataset and find 5 surprising correlations. Output as many insights as you can, distinguishing between correlation and causation
create a list of 25 ascii art emoticons
make them more exotic
these are neat, good job, but i know you can do better!
give me 25 that would be a hit on a t-shirt, feel free to comment on design direction for each

~!~ LLC Setup in Arkansas
how do i set up my llc with the state of Arkansas?
walk me through obtaining an EIN # for my new
do i have to wait for my llc to be approved or can i file for my EIN # after i submit my articles of organization with the state, or do i have to wait?
what is the difference between Domestic For Profit and Domestic LLC

~!~ 🔥 Competitor Analysis Tools: 7 Options
give me a list of marketing analysis tools to compare various competitors in the market
i mean old school tools to measure competition and analysis of the market place
ok let's try applying a swot analysis to each brand
now run a swot analysis of the merimekko brand
give me a list of business analysis techniques that i could apply to learn more about merimekko's brand. please provide example prompts and short explainations










