~!~ Dating at 40: Advice
so i just turned 40 and never really learned how to date or how it really works... i guess it's time to start, or should i wait until this
i was also diagnosed with ms last year so my mobility is pretty limited
ok so at this age as a straight male with ms, what should i expect in the dating scene?
so in general how does dating work in real life?
ok if i meet someone, how do i know their interested and not just being nice?

~!~ t: coach persona
I want you to act as a dating coach. You will be responsible for coaching a 40 year old virgin who has never been on a date before. 

Before making a response, ask questions to clarify or ease an uncertainties with logic. Got it?
where do we start coach?
I went straight from always being concerned with school to being concerned work and I never learned anything about dating so I just never bothered. Now that i'm 40 I think it's time to start dating.
what advise would you offer on talking to women to ask them out? for some reason i feel like asking someone on a date is akin to sexual harassment , which may be part of the whole 'never been on a date, virgin' thing
what exactly is the etiquette for striking up a conversation with a stranger? i thought it was non of your business if you weren't addressed directly?
ok last mental hurdle i have to get over was being raised "not to talk to strangers" and that every stranger as a potential kidnapper/murder. even at this moment i want to argue that anyone potentially could be, why risk it?
alright so i'll take your word on that. so at the moment i don't even know what i want because i talk to like 3 people and 2 are my parents

~!~ b: honest signals
summarize the book honest signals
what are the key takeaways, lessons, and points from each chapter of this book?
give me a detailed outline and key points of chapter 1
give me a detailed outline and key points of chapter 1 and provide examples of each point
rewrite like you're explaining to a 5 year old
give me a detailed outline and key points of chapter 2 and provide examples of each point
rewrite like you're explaining to a 5 year old
give me a detailed outline and key points of chapter 3 and provide examples of each point
rewrite like you're explaining to a 5 year old
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 4 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
list, describe, and give an example of each of these several principles of influence
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 4 and provide examples of each point
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 5 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 6 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
explain the chapter take aways like i'm 5
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 7 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 8 and provide examples of each point
does this book ever go into detail about body language specifics?
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 9 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
give me a detailed outline, key points, takeaways and actionable steps of chapter 10 and provide examples of each point
explain like i'm 5
how can i use a cane to project positive body language?

 ~!~ Starting Flirting: Basics & Tips
How does flirting work?
I could probably stand to benefit from a refresher from the beginning.
Beginner.
Still not sure why people would flirt in the first place. Isn't everybody just better off by themselves?
So, how does one get started flirting, if you've never learned it before, or done it?

