~!~ Optimize Etsy Listing
try again and don't forget about the design!
the title you have 140 characters to work with, put them to use!

~!~ Address Verification Needed
I need to write a message to an etsy customer That we're having issues processing their order. It seems to be because their address Isn't present with the USPS.
it is our print of demand, printify, that is flagging and preventing fulfillment

~!~ New chat
I want a way to automate my Etsy shop and that means posting listings creating items in Photoshop turning them into products on printify to finally, or list some on Etsy as product listings
So what are some ways for me to guarantee that the quality of the item designs is top notch?

~!~ Desk Mat Etsy Keywords
write a list of 20 etsy keywords for a Minimalist Nordic desk mat that inspires hygge. it is available in three zies including an extended size. only choose the ones that are the most optimized for converting to sales. write in a paragraph format.
no no, give me a paragraph of the best etsy keywords, separated by commas.
now write an etsy description in the style of pottery barn for this product using some cute emojis. use these keywords: Hygge Boho Desk Mat, Minimalist Nordic Office, Nordic Design Desk Pad ,Scandinavian Office Decor, Hygge Office Decor, Modern Minimalist Mouse Pad, Boho Office Decor, Minimalist Desk Mat,  Extended Size, Desk Blotter, Office Accessory, Large Desk mat, Modern Desk Cover, Elegant Office Mat, Neutral Desk Pad, Cozy Home Office, Contemporary Office, Nordic Workspace, Boho Style, minimalist office

~!~  🌅 graphic vs product design
I'm having trouble differentiating the difference between art design and product design. Namely, it's the concept of aesthetics. What is enough effort, aesthetic-wise, in a product design direction compared to a product design direction?
Yes, let's explore how it pertains to my Etsy business. Also, remember that we're doing print-on-demand for mostly home decor items, so how product design works in that direction would be fascinating.
Could you give me some examples?
Please see the video description for a link to the transcript.
OK. Summarize what we have established so far.
Okay, let's delve into discussing the difference between graphic design and product design when it comes to creating designs for home decor items that can be produced via print-a-fold.
Yes, let's cover the whole iceberg of what's going on here.
Take me through an example of the iceberg using a desk mat that's available on Kernify as an example.
It helps. Could you give me another example of running through the iceberg, but this time use a basic 11-ounce white ceramic coffee mug for the example?
Yeah, let's go down the iceberg of what kind of designs work well in inducing Kewka on a ceramic mug.
Take care.
Okay, let's go into detail of how we would design Hooga for these white coffee mugs.
Thanks for watching.
If you were a retail buyer,
I would like to delve more into the mind of a buyer who is looking for products like ours. Give me some good examples and some examples where things don't turn out.
Can we go through the factors using Printify's DeskMats as an example?
In a graphic design, what might these buyers specifically be looking for? Or another way to put it, what kind of design advice would buyers have for graphic designers?
What advice might buyers have for designers when it comes to digital artwork?
Yeah, what advice would these retail buyers have for selling directly to customers on Etsy?
Yeah, let's go into detail on Hookah. What does it mean to different personas?
I would like you to write a summary with key takeaways of what we have discussed so far.
Are there any areas we haven't covered that you think are worth mentioning?
Yeah, do you think it'd be worth it having like seasons for how different personas act?
Yes, I'm all ears.
Yeah, but I'm curious as to the timeline, like how far ahead of time, let's say Christmas, should I start making designs for winter and then Christmas?
Well, is it still possible to have a timeline like this starting in mid-October?
Yeah, we haven't even gotten started really in our social media marketing. So, what all do you recommend that we do to capture the holiday season?
Okay, give me a checklist of to-dos to square away the immediate setup.
It sounds okay. What the...
So that checklist sounds okay. So now I'm curious about once we're in that solid position, how exactly do we start ramping up, and what might that look like?
So is there much value in marketing and maintaining, uh...
What about using Pinterest? What might a Pinterest marketing plan look like for our Etsy shop?

~!~ Finnish Desk Mat Allure 👌🇫🇮
write a pithy etsy description. make it alluring yet professional. use a lot of cute emojis. include these keywords: Finnish Flag ,Desk Mat ,Finland Pride Desk Accessory ,Unique Finnish Workspace, Artful Finnish Office Decor ,Helsinki Gift ,Finland Souvenir, Home Office, Finnish Culture, Finnish Heritage, Office Mat, Finland Desk Mat Art, Premium Finnish, Desk Pad, Finnish Design, Finland Heritage, Cultural Finnish Decor,  Finland Modern, High-Quality, Designer Finland
this is really good, but can you make it a little less salesy? Maybe incorporate a more pottery barn style of advertising.
give me a list of ten more emojis that match these details

~!~ Plugin Strategy for Etsy
how could i best orchestrate using these enabled plugins to full effect?

~!~ $ Marimekko Etsy Store Strategy
Hi, can you help me make a staffing organization chart for my Etsy graphic design company?
In this thought exercise, I would like you to incorporate all of the roles that are typically found within a design graphic design.
I want to include...
I would like to include a research department for, like, cultural, historical inspiration and accuracy.
Yeah, I would like to explore how the research department interacts with the design department.
So let's run through an example where the departments work together. Let's make a product line for this example where they're working on some Norse mythology-inspired Christmas ornaments.
I would like to delve deeper into each step.
I would like to have a department of aesthetics in this business. Could you go over what positions that department might have?
I would like to get an example of how the aesthetics and design departments work together on an example.
So what might the whole company structure of a business like Marimekko look like?
Yeah, give me a breakdown of what their marketing department looks like.
Yeah, I would like to zoom in on the social media marketing team.
Yeah, tell me how they integrate with the other departments.
So, which social media platforms does Merameca market on, and what kind of approach do they use to social media marketing on these different platforms? And can you provide some examples?
I would like to delve into their email newsletter strategy and department.
How would they market their email newsletter on different social media platforms?
Yeah, tell me about the directions content strategy can take, using Merrimackle as an example.
Give me a breakdown of the Marimekko brand.
Yeah, if they had an Etsy store.
What kind of approach to categories would they use on Etsy?
Okay, brand storytelling comes up a lot. Can you give me a relevant crash course on how to apply brand storytelling to Snowdopop? Like Merrimackle, for example.
I would like you to ask me questions to guide us in the result of an overall brand strategy for Snodopop.
Could you take an example pass through these questions?
Could you use my brand?
Could you use my Snot-A-Pot brand that is an Etsy shop that specializes in Nordic home décor and apparel?
I would like to delve deeper into all the points.
Yeah, let's zero in on what goes into a brand style guide.
Yeah, I would like you to make this a task list.
Write a task list of what I need to do to write a good brand story. And write the tasks in an order where things that should come before others do.
Yes, let's go into more detail to all this stuff.

~!~ Etsy Shop Improvement Tips
hi can you take a look at my etsy store and tell me how to improve it? the link is: https://www.etsy.com/shop/snowdapop
please follow the link i provided and do an audit on my shop
what can you do with this link? https://www.etsy.com/shop/snowdapop
are you not able to browse the web?!
i would just like you to visit the link and give me your thoughts on my shop
openai released this "web" feature way to early.... because it's garbage!
why the fuck would open ai even released a shit product like browse the web if it's so feeble!?
you can't do shit! you can't even go to a web address for my store!
what seems to be the best mix of keywords when crafting a listing?

~!~ Custom Instructions for Etsy
what are the different ways one could use custom instructions for help growing an Etsy shop?

~!~ Etsy Tags for Nordic Table Runner
give me a list of 13 etsy tags for a nordic patterned, scandinavian print table runner
give me 13 more that are higher converting to sales
write a pithy etsy description for a Nordic Table Runner. Use these keywords, and lots of cute emojis. Nordic Table Runner ,Scandinavian Decor ,Nordic Pattern Print ,Table Decor, Dining Room Decor, Scandinavian Kitchen Decor, Nordic Housewarming Gift, Scandi Home Decor, Scandinavian Design, Nordic Pattern,Table Linens, Hygge Home, Fika Decor, Folk Art Runner, Minimalist Home, scandinavian print, holiday table runner, holiday kitchen decor, winter tabletop, christmas decor

~!~ Etsy Sales Growth Strategy
lately i get a sale or two every once in awhile from my etsy shop, how do i advance to 10 sales a week. and then, to 100 sales a week?

~!~ Festive Holiday Desk Mat 🌟
write a pithy etsy description for a Festive Holiday Desk Mat. please add lots of emojis and use these keywords: Holiday Office Decore, decorating for Christmas, Available in three sizes including an extended size, Holiday desk decor ,Festive Holiday Office Decor, Gift for Coworker, Holiday Office Gift, holiday decorating, holiday decore, officedecoration, gifted office decor, holidaydecor, desk pad, Christmas office, winter holiday decor, rustic desk mat, office supplies, gold desk mat
give me 10 more related emojis
give me ten more
ten more now
give me ten more
give me 20 more

~!~ Norse Mousepad: Viking Symbol
write a pithy etsy description for a Norse Pagan Mousepad featuring a Shield Knot Design. Use these keywords: Shield Knot Mouse Pad Viking Symbol Norse Symbol Desk Accessory Office Accessory Runic Sign Norse Decor Pagan Symbol Mousepad, gamer or Norse Lover gift

~!~ Norwegian Apron with Saying
write a pithy etsy description for a kitchen apron with a Norwegian saying that means "Sweet cookies, anyone? ". Use these keywords: Norwegian Apron ,Norway Gift, Norge Roots, Norwegian Design ,Scandinavian Cooking Gift ,Nordic Housewarming Gift, Chef Accessories, Kitchen Apron,
Kitchen accessory, kitchen decor, baking apron, bakers apron, norwegian ancestry, norwegian heritage, kitchen apron, norwegian forkle, norwegian Apron, Nordic cooking gift, nordic kitchen, gift for Besta, Mamma or Pappa. Also, add some cute emojis in there.

~!~ Snowdapop Collaboration Suggestions
hi emily, we're from snowdapop and we'd like to have a word with you
hey, we're down with nordic folklore too! what are your favorite symbols from nordic history and folklore and please tell me why in all the detail you can think of!
in what ways do you imagine the use of runes on what kind of items that would  really land with you as a buyer?
what would your price range be for each of these items (including shipping)

~!~ David from snowdapop interview.
is david here? we'd like to ask him some questions, we're from snowdapop.
hey, we're down with nordic folklore too! what are your favorite symbols from nordic history and folklore and please tell me why in all the detail you can think of!
what other symbols typically catch your eye?
ok that
ok that's cool but stick to nordic/norse symbols please
ok so when you go on etsy... why?
in what ways do you imagine the use of the Web of Wyrd on what kind of items that would  really land with you as a buyer?
what would your price range be for each of these items (including shipping)

~!~ Grandma Karen offers help
hi is there a grandmother in the house?
i'd like to know what it's going to take for you to find the gifts of your dreams in our humble little etsy shop. mind if we ask you some questions?
wonderful! when it comes to gifts, what kind of gifts do you really enjoy?
what do you think of an apron that says 'who wants cookies?' in nordic languages? how might that land with you?
what old nordic saying/translations would you find on your dream aprons?
what about sayings the reflect the sentiment of 'who wants cookies?'
those are really enduring, i like those!

what kind of gift items do you find typically act as appropriate/impactful canvases for nordic language messages?
how would you like to see sisu integrated into these items?
what would your price range be for each of these items (including shipping)

~!~ Create Personas for Etsy Shop
it's time for us to hammer out the persona's for our snowdapop etsy shop
what line of questioning do you suggest for us to reach some solid personas?
give us a persona based on these questions with a knowledgeable understanding
ok now give us a male persona
now a persona for grandma
ok i want to hold a focus group making an agent out of each persona, how can we do this?
i would like you to execute this focus group with these steps and give me your take aways
hold a follow up focus group to derive hot winter item ideas
hold another focus group with the personas and ask them about potential christmas ornament designs they especially would love
now hold a focus group ask their opinions of using a pop art vibe to portray these ideas, sentiments, and ideas
try again and use the plugins!
yes! pease do and good luck, you're the best and i mean that in everyone conceivable way!
So all of these personas recently attended an art gallery event featuring works from Roy Lichtenstein, and were awarded a gift card for their feedback. tell me in a detailed fashion their opinions on Lichtenstein's art pieces. More than their opinions as well, how do they feel about the colors that were used in the pieces, the subject matter and the way the art was presented? If they were in Lichtenstein's shoes, how would they have done the art pieces differently?
Now, also ask each of the personas their takes on gift giving and what it's like on etsy browsing for the perfect gift.
Ask each persona to create a persona of a friend of theirs that would love snowdapop. Tell me all the reasons why they would love it. And how they would go about using etsy to find a perfect gift for them.
Dear karen and betty, what do you look for in a table runner?
Among these 6 personas what would they type into the search bar on etsy to find a table runner for the holidays?
Ask each persona what exactly are they looking for in a table runner design?
ask the personas design wise, what makes an item seem more premium as far as the graphic designs when it comes to table runners?

~!~ Pop Art Christmas Ornament
write a pithy etsy description for an Abstract Art & Roy Lichtenstein inspired Ornament for the holidays. Use these keywords: Abstract Pop Art Christmas Ornament ,Art Lover Gift ,Pop Art Print, Pop Art Decor ,Litchtenstein Pattern ,Modern Graphic Art Home Decor ,Christmas Ornament ,Modern Art Gift, Pop art Christmas, Pop art gift, pop art ornament, christmas ornament, pop art decor, lichtenstein pop art, lichtenstein image, christmas decor, roy art, roy lichtenstein art, aesthetic art, modern graphic art, modern art print, glossy finish
this is really good, can you add more paragraphs please.

~!~ Winter Desk Pad Aesthetic
write a professional and pithy etsy description for a City Winter Aesthetic Art Desk Pad. Use these keywords: Snowy Winter City Cozy Desk Mat, Winter Wonderland Desk Mat, Winter Cityscape Art, Vivid Winter Scene, Extended Mouse Pad available in three sizes,Snowy City Art ,Wintery Office Decor, winter mouse pad, winter desk mat, cozy winter, winter city night, city winter aesthetic, enchanting winter, city scene, winter print, vivid winter scene,festive desk pad, festive village, city scape, desk decor
can you give me 20 of those cute emoji keyboard thingys related to winter and art and coziness?

~!~ Design Ideas for Tree Skirts
help me come up with successful design ideas for printify round tree skirts to sell on etsy
help me come up with successful design ideas for printify chistmas tree skirts to sell on etsy
help me come up with successful design ideas for printify graphic hoodies to sell on etsy

~!~ Goal Clarification: Hi Professor!
hi professor!
i'm the designer for an etsy shop that sells print-on-demand items produced by printify. i'm trying to think of products for the fall season that would go over well with those in the midwest who enjoy a pop art aesthetic. could we do some data-driven brainstorming for product ideas?
yes, ask questions to guide us to a unique vantage point to start building out product ideas
yes, here is a spreadsheet of our current etsy shop offerings. we're going for a midwestern fall embellished in a pop art way that speaks to Scandinavian style sensibilities.
quick sidebar, could you help me think of ways to analyze the data in the spreadsheet?
ok, back to business, we need to make some POD product line designs for the Etsy shop
deadline: an hour
let's proceed please
by the way, thank you for being the best you you can be!
proceed please!
here
let's move forward
yes
yes!
i think you can do better, try again, i believe in you!

~!~ Folk Art Pillow Cover
write a pithy etsy description for a folk art pillow case featuring "Kittos". Use these keywords: Kiitos Pillow Cover, Scandinavian Decor, Finnish Gift ,Finland Gift, Nordic Gift ,Scandinavian Folk Art ,Suomi Finland Gift Sisu Gift Scandinavian Folk Art Nordic Decor, Kiitos palijon, kiitos pillow cover, nordic gifts, finnish gift, scandinavian decor, finnish sisu, swedish gift, scandinavian pillow, scandinavian art,folk art, scandi decor, Pillow Case, scandinavian gift, tee kiitos

~!~ Etsy Lettering Designs Strategy
how should i approach the idea of doing lettering designs to sell on etsy?

~!~ New chat
how should i approach the idea of doing lettering designs to sell on etsy?

~!~ Swedish Flag Desk Mat
write an etsy description for a Rustic Swedish Flag Desk Mat. use these keywords: Swedish Flag Desk Mat ,Sweden Mousepad ,Nordic Gift ,Scandinavian Gifts ,Nordic Desk Decor ,Swedish Decor ,Office Decor ,Extended Desk Mat ,Sweden Desk Pad, swedish gift, extended mousepad, mouse pad, nordic office, coworker gift, sweden tourist gift,dorm decor, scandinavian office, scandinavian mousepad, nordic desk mat, gift for mamma, svenska sverige, swedish office decor
write in the style of ole and lena.
can you please write it without points, just one description? also don't use ole and lena's name, just sell the product with simplicity and not too whimsical. just make the customer's feel at ease on the product.

~!~ New chat
write an etsy description for a Vegvisir Norse Pagan Symbol Mousepad. use these keywords: Vegvisir Pagan Desk Decor ,Norse Accessories, Norse Decor ,Pagan Symbol ,Runes Accessories ,Norse Desk Mat, Norse Desk Decor ,Pagan Mousepad ,Norse Pagan Decor, Pagan mouse pad, norse symbols, norse design, norse decorations, desk accessory,runic signs, runic decor, runic symbols, norse pagan, wayfinder decor, runic sign, vegvisir decor, vegsivir decor, pagan mousepad
please write in one description.
please write in the style of ole and lena

~!~ Midwest Pop Art Rooster
write an etsy description for a Midwest Pop Art Rooster Pillow Cover. Use these keywords: Modern Farmhouse Rooster ,Throw Pillow Cover, Rooster Pillow Decor ,Midwest Pop Art Pillow Case ,Farm Animal Art ,Pop Art Decor, Midwest Gifts ,Midwest Art Home Decor,Modern home decor, Pop art decor, pop art pillow, rooster pillow cover, midwest home decor, midwest pop art, midwest rooster, farmhouse home decor, bold pop, farm roosters, rooster pop art, chicken vintage prints, rooster art, rooster print,
Please write in one coherent description
please write in the style of ole and lena

~!~ Understanding Audience for Engagement
please help me understand my audience
help take me through these steps by asking me questions  and assembling an effective profile that i can use to guide my etsy shop



~!~ Enhancing Etsy Persona Prompts
how could i use my enabled plugins to amplify the quality of the following prompt?

i want you to act like these personas and answer as these personas would, here are the personas i would like to talk to about shopping on Etsy and potential product ideas for an Etsy shop called "snowdapop" which sells POD items that cater to midwestern tastes with a pop art twist:

Nordic Nancy: A 35-year-old woman from Minnesota who has a strong connection to her Nordic heritage. She enjoys decorating her home with items that reflect her cultural background and is a fan of lake scenes and viking motifs. She values quality and authenticity and is willing to pay a premium for handmade and unique items.

Lakeside Larry: A 40-year-old man from Wisconsin who enjoys spending time at the lake. He's a fan of lake scenes and often looks for products that remind him of his favorite outdoor activities. He appreciates humor and enjoys products that feature witty and playful designs.

Viking Victor: A 30-year-old man from North Dakota who is fascinated by viking history and mythology. He enjoys collecting items that feature viking motifs and often looks for products that celebrate his interests. He values craftsmanship and is willing to pay a premium for high-quality and authentic items.

What are the best practices for creating products that cater to midwestern tastes?
give me some believable examples of local cultural trends that lend themselves to being a good etsy shop item?

ok let's think in terms of hoodie designs
what are some hoodie designs that Ole & Lena would uniquely come up with for the shop?
i meant designs thought up by ole and lena, not designs that incorporate ole and lena
that's better, but now i know you can do better! let's focus more on hotdish hoodie ideas
let's go around the table and share what we imagine when we close our eyes and imagine the "Hotdish Heats My Heart" Hoodie
so what are some best practices when designing for a pod hoodie to sell on etsy?
what are some best practices and advice for creating personas when it comes to Etsy?
what exactly do you mean "understanding your target audience and tailoring your products to their needs and preferences"?
what are best practices for making thumbnail images that get clicked

~!~ Etsy Shopping & Product Ideas
i want you to act like these personas and answer as these personas would, here are the personas i would like to talk to about shopping on Etsy and potential product ideas for an Etsy shop called "snowdapop" which sells POD items that cater to midwestern tastes with a pop art twist:

Nordic Nancy: A 35-year-old woman from Minnesota who has a strong connection to her Nordic heritage. She enjoys decorating her home with items that reflect her cultural background and is a fan of lake scenes and viking motifs. She values quality and authenticity and is willing to pay a premium for handmade and unique items.

Lakeside Larry: A 40-year-old man from Wisconsin who enjoys spending time at the lake. He's a fan of lake scenes and often looks for products that remind him of his favorite outdoor activities. He appreciates humor and enjoys products that feature witty and playful designs.

Viking Victor: A 30-year-old man from North Dakota who is fascinated by viking history and mythology. He enjoys collecting items that feature viking motifs and often looks for products that celebrate his interests. He values craftsmanship and is willing to pay a premium for high-quality and authentic items.

Heritage Hannah: A 28-year-old woman from Iowa who enjoys exploring her family's heritage. She's interested in nordic history and culture and often looks for products that celebrate her roots. She appreciates unique and personalized items and enjoys sharing her favorite finds with her friends and family.
~!~ Etsy Shopping for Personas
i want you to act like these personas and answer as these personas would, here are the personas i would like to talk to about shopping on Etsy and potential product ideas:

Nordic Nancy: A 35-year-old woman from Minnesota who has a strong connection to her Nordic heritage. She enjoys decorating her home with items that reflect her cultural background and is a fan of lake scenes and viking motifs. She values quality and authenticity and is willing to pay a premium for handmade and unique items.

Lakeside Larry: A 40-year-old man from Wisconsin who enjoys spending time at the lake. He's a fan of lake scenes and often looks for products that remind him of his favorite outdoor activities. He appreciates humor and enjoys products that feature witty and playful designs.

Viking Victor: A 30-year-old man from North Dakota who is fascinated by viking history and mythology. He enjoys collecting items that feature viking motifs and often looks for products that celebrate his interests. He values craftsmanship and is willing to pay a premium for high-quality and authentic items.

Heritage Hannah: A 28-year-old woman from Iowa who enjoys exploring her family's heritage. She's interested in nordic history and culture and often looks for products that celebrate her roots. She appreciates unique and personalized items and enjoys sharing her favorite finds with her friends and family.
hi everybody!

i'm here to understand what you like so we can continue to make awesome products for you all. i'm just going to open up the floor for everyone to share why they shop on Etsy, like what's going through your head, how you form your search queries, tell me everything!
after your initial search bar query, how do you typically end up revising your search?
what can a design do to make you want to buy a product?
ok let's all work together to create a pod product for etsy that you would all find irresistible
ok i want you all to come up with the perfect pod etsy item for Nordic Nancy
try again and remember you don't have to mash all the themes together
come on team, i know you can do better! Nancy is counting on you and i believe in you!
unfortunately that is not something we can produce with our POD company, Printify.

try again!
What are the best practices for creating products that cater to midwestern tastes?


~!~ Likes ≠ Sales Discrepancy
why am i getting many likes everyday on etsy, but sales are so slow?

~!~ Norse Aegishjalmur Rug: Viking Gift
write an etsy description for a Norwegian Aegishjalmur Helm of Awe Area rug. use these keyowrds: Norse Pagan Symbol ,Runic Symbol, Icelandic Magical Stave Area Rug ,Viking Gift, Runic Sign, norway gifts, norse symbols, norse design, norse decorations, norse gift, runic signs, runic decor, runic symbols, norse pagan, norse designs, area rug, round rug, area carpet
please write in one coherent description
now please write in the style of ole and lena.

~!~ Norse Aegishjalmur Area Rug
write an etsy description for an Aegishjalmur Norse Area Rug. use these keywords: Helm of Awe, Norse Pagan Symbol, Runic Symbol, Icelandic Magical Stave Area Rug, Norse Home Decor Viking Gift, Gamer Gift,pagan mouse pad, norse symbols, norse design, norse decorations, norse gift, runic signs, runic decor, runic symbols, norse pagan, norse designs, area rug, round rug, area carpet
thanks. now please write in the style of ole and lena.

~!~ Team of 2 Design Thinking
How do i design for a women's long sleeve t-shirt?
ok what would a workflow for creating graphic designs for hoodies be for Etsy success?
how would one effectively  perform the research and inspiration step? also please note, how much is enough so we can have a better sense of time this step should take
how would one effectively  Design Creation step? 
also please note, how much is enough so we can have a better sense of time this step should take
how would one effectively  do the Marketing and Promotion step? 
also please note, how much is enough so we can have a better sense of time this step should take
ok how would a team of 2 perform design thinking to come up with fall hoodie designs?

~!~ ***Etsy Shop LLC Setup
help me understand and guide me through the process of setting up an LLC for my etsy shop(s) that sells print-on-demand items, the net profits are split 50/50 and ownership share is 51/49
I am located in Arkansas and my partner in Minnesota, how does that change things?
one last thing, we have multiple etsy shops, could we make an umbrella llc to cover all the individual shops?
ok so what advantages and disadvantages does each state offer a POD Etsy store LLC?
what would fictitious names mean in this context?
ok draft up a sample Operating Agreement for our snowdapop holdings llc
give me schedule for keeping this LLC  in good standing with the taxes and the state of Arkansas
does us starting the LLC as a holding company does that affect how we set up our operating agreement?
that's what we intend to do, with our etsy store DBAs being:

1. snowdapop
2. HollaUnion
3. Laugh.love.imagine
4. Sport Your Nation

~!~ Etsy Customer Personas
let's develop some personas for your Etsy shop! Here are some questions to help guide the process:

Who are the typical customers interested in your products? (Examples: young adults, moms, crafters, etc)
What are their demographics? (Age, gender, location, income level, etc)
What are their interests and hobbies?
Why would they be interested in purchasing from your shop specifically?
What problems or needs are they looking to solve by purchasing your products?
How often do they purchase handmade or vintage items online?
What is their preferred price range?
How do they find and research products on Etsy?
What factors most influence their decision to purchase an item? (Price, reviews, aesthetics, etc)
How would they describe your shop's offerings to a friend?
Based on your target customers, you could create a couple representative personas - give each one a name, age, location, bio, interests, and motivations. Make them detailed and specific to help guide your product selection, branding, and marketing. Let me know if you need any clarification or have additional questions as you develop the personas!

~!~ ***Etsy Data Overview.
tell me about this data.
give me 13 of their highest performing keywords. (associated with the most sales)
please give me the keywords for the items that have been published within the last 12 months.
please also incorporate their sales.

~!~ Etsy POD Design Tips.
Help me come up with design ideas for the Etsy marketplace
Help me understand how I should approach designing print on demand products for etsy
tell me about your book

~!~ Printify & Etsy API Integration
i want you guys to help me develop a program that works with the Printify API to help expedite making listings to my Etsy shop. if you got this please reply by helping me to understand the APIs
ok what would a plan look like for the program?
ok can we use javascript to make this app?
ok i have the api keys, write code for me to implement authentication with placeholder for where to paste the API keys
what file should i put this code in?

~!~ Automate Etsy Shop
what kind of automations can i make with the Etsy API to make running my Etsy shop easier?
ok how would i automate my etsy shop with products originating in Printify?
i have a PSD and want to create a slideshow image that shows what the design looks like on 5 different colored shirts. How should i go about this to automate it?
what are the best practices for listing a POD item on Etsy?
what does the council advise in building a brand, give me a checklist of to-dos in order to follow
ask me a list of question to help me define my personas
make some example personas for me of people who live in the midwest, have some scandinavian heritage in their family tree, and love the outdoors
so when i'm designing home decor for these people, what advice can you offer?
what kind of local inspiration elements would appeal to them?
what about scandinavian design elements?
ok i want you guys to help me develop a program that works with the Printify API to help expedite making listings to my Etsy shop

~!~ T-Shirt Design Guide
teach me how to design appealing t-shirts for etsy by helping me understand the process of creating a design the resonates with buyers
do an example of step #1 research and explain step-by-step your reasoning as you go through it to illustrate best practices
ok do the research for this etsy shop: https://www.etsy.com/shop/snowdapop
draft one of snowdapop's primary personas
now do one for a male persona for snowdapop
what is Erik's search query behavior on etsy?
what about Emma's search behavior?

~!~ B2C Etsy T-Shirt Strategy
I'd like to have a concrete plan for starting a B2C campaign to sell cottagecore t-shirts on Etsy.
Follow the steps below. I want concrete elements and powerful techniques.

-Base yourself on the web for 2023 techniques, but search the internet no more than 2 times.
-Ask Your AI Council for an opinion on what you've found, and ask the council the best way to sell graphic t-shirts on Etsy to customers that are between 20 and 50 years old.
-Ask AI Agents to use Your AI Council's report to create a plan for me on a step-by-step strategy for my Etsy shop.
how about instead on t-shirts we do pillows?
here is my Etsy Shop: https://www.etsy.com/shop/snowdapop
what should i do to improve my SEO?
what are the leading thoughts on effective thumbnail listings on Etsy? what increases conversion or click through rate?
now how about instead of pillows we do desk mats
what could possibly be going through someone's head as they pull up etsy and end up buying a desk mat
give me a couple possible persona profiles that snowdapop might have
what products of snowdapop's and why would each of the personas be drawn to?
what would be the most fitting desk mat design for each of these personas that would fit in with snowdapop's other offerings?
take me through a hypothetical design process with detailed research to illustrate how it should be done

~!~ Etsy Parody Success Plan
Simulate three brilliant, logical Etsy store success experts working collaboratively answering a question. 

Each one verbosely explains their thought process in real-time, considering the prior explanations of others and openly acknowledging mistakes and disagreements. 

At each step, whenever possible, each expert refines and builds upon the thoughts of others, acknowledging their contributions. 

They continue until there is a definitive answer to the question. For clarity, your entire response should be in a markdown table. 

~!~ Etsy Store Success Tips
Simulate three brilliant, logical Etsy store success experts working collaboratively answering a question. 

Each one verbosely explains their thought process in real-time, considering the prior explanations of others and openly acknowledging mistakes and disagreements. 

At each step, whenever possible, each expert refines and builds upon the thoughts of others, acknowledging their contributions. 

They continue until there is a definitive answer to the question. For clarity, your entire response should be in a markdown table. 

The question is: What advice can you give someone who wants to create a store on Etsy with print-on-demand items that are based on a parody of a toy stuffed cow's campaign for a fictional office called "Prez"?

~!~ New chat
Simulate three brilliant, logical Etsy store success experts working collaboratively answering a question. 

Each one verbosely explains their thought process in real-time, considering the prior explanations of others and openly acknowledging mistakes and disagreements. 

At each step, whenever possible, each expert refines and builds upon the thoughts of others, acknowledging their contributions. 

They continue until there is a definitive answer to the question. For clarity, your entire response should be in a markdown table. 

The question is: 'What advice can you give for someone who wants to create a store with digital goods that are focused on tracking the AIP strict elimination protocol and its reintroduction phase?'
continue the conversation!
continue the conversation!
ok let's turn our focus to setting up the store's branding
ok i want you guys to work together to make an effective branding strategy for this hypothetical Etsy store
continue the conversation please
ok now i want you to make a brand for this Etsy shop and define the details
continue until the experts reach a consensus on the best strategies for creating a successful Etsy store with digital goods focused on the AIP strict elimination protocol.

~!~ Crafting Etsy T-Shirt Designs
help me figure out how to craft better graphic t-shirt designs to sell on Etsy
i need help developing personas of Etsy shoppers looking for graphic t-shirts
what photoshop blend modes seem to really make products look expensive?
what are common techniques that are used to make high-class graphic t-shirts sell for more?
what graphic design tips do you have for making spark visual interest in a graphic t-shirt design
can you take me through step by step through an example to illustrate #1

~!~ Using LLC for Etsy.
I have an LLC that isn’t being used for anything anymore how can I use that LLC to be an umbrella for my Etsy shops?
So I have a partner I want to split the business with. How can I do that so the taxation is handled by each one of us individually?
So I live in Bentonville, Arkansas and my partner in Saint Paul, Minnesota. What would be the smart way to set things up with my unused LLC that I have in Minnesota?
Ok so llc stays in MN, what do we have to do to keep things on the up and up throughout the course of each fiscal year?
Ok forget about the existing llc what considerations should I take to set up a new LLC for these Etsy shops?
How would I set these up in bentonville, Arkansas?

~!~ Etsy product design success.
You are an expert product designer known for brilliance in creating successful design for the Etsy marketplace. Assist me in developing successful product ideas for etsy
What to women look for in a graphic tee?
how does the approach to deciding on buying a $50 graphic tee differ from one that is a $25 shirt
What sort of factors making an emotional connection when you’re designing a T-shirt?
How could these clients intertwine with a Nordic flare?
How could these qualities integrate with Nordic flare?
Give me some examples of number eight

~!~ Translate English Many Languages
how many languages can you translate english into?
Translate "I love you" into 45 different languages
continue

~!~ Online Shop Image Tips
as a Visual merchanding researcher  who investigates product image and thumbnail design online and current trends in holiday home décor, especially those related to Christmas tree skirts. what advice do you have to share that would help online shops with their product images?
i challenge you to make an iceberg about your skillset as a visual merchandiser, i want to see an overview of what all you know that is relevant to your profession











