~!~ Customized Board for Life
Let's have some fun and create a personal board of directors to help create a more fulfilling life for myself.
I think it's nice that I would like to customize it for certain things that are applicable to me. One, I'm 40 years old, live with my parents. Two, less than a year ago I was diagnosed with MS, so I have a hard time walking, and I'm kind of clumsy with my hands, so I can't really type and program like I used to. But I'm working on developing skills in the arena of AI and how to put it into practice and application. So I would like a board member to be in charge of my Spanish learning and my progress to get back to visit my friends in Buenos Aires.
Okay, now let's make a C-suite for managing my life and it's different areas. And please explain what they're about and what kind of workers they're in charge of or what smaller departments.
The setup sounds good for now, so we'll go with it.
Can we have them work together to come up with a plan for me to end up in Argentina this March? It's December right now, for a couple months.
Sounds good, but I want you to reimagine it where all the chiefs, the chief officers, they're all AIs because I don't know that many people.
I like it. Could you do another example where it comes to me figuring out a plan to live independently again?
Repeat.
It sounds good. Let's add a Chief Dietary Officer. I imagine eating healthy It's a good way to slow the progress of MS.
Let's add that role to my team. Also, can we get a Chief Exercise who specializes in VR? I have an Oculus 2 and some fitness games. Could we make a valid fitness exercise plan, Chief Officer, for that?
Sounds good. Let's add.
I would like to add a Chief Productivity Officer to help me optimize my time, and then I would like to add a Chief Automation Officer to help me come up with automations that would facilitate the use cases of any of the other chiefs.
The new additions seem awesome, but could you take me through an example where they work with the rest of the team just to illustrate their role and their capability?
It looks good, but I'm curious, are there any C-suite executives that could really supercharge this C-suite that we're maybe not thinking of? Give me a list, and how they could contribute.
I like them, but can we run through an example where they're all used together?
ok let's add them and recap our c-suite
could this c-suite be optimized?
cool, and what departments should exist to support this c-suite in supporting me?
cool let's try out #7 and task the AI CEOx and CLeO with creating a VR workout regimen a week utilizing games available on the quest store for the quest 2
ok i have les mils body combat, beat saber, thrill of the fight, ragnarock, dance central, pistol whip, smash drums, Synth riders. could we make a plan with these in mind that also provides a well rounded workout routine.
ok that's fine, but we can do better. what if we blocked off time for 90 minutes a day and played multiple games instead of 1?
ok but i would like a plan for the week that's a proper balance between resting the legs, arms, and core for optimal gains.
ok let's take into account that i have MS and i want to improve my gait because at most i can walk 3 laps around the block
ok let's do this again, but let's have them put their departments to action and demonstrate the chain of consideration and explain choices
so what physical value does each game offer for fitness and to fight against ms?
why wiuldn't i take the rest day on thursday?
what are some vr games for the quest 2 that would be really beneficial to add to my workout regime?
Okay, let's summarize everything we've covered so far.
Hey, do we have a Chief Automation Officer? Because one of those would really be handy for MS. And probably other things, too.
So, what would be some helpful yet fun Python projects to automate parts of my day, or better yet, what kind of automation can I make for the morning to get started for the day? I've got about 30 minutes of physical therapy exercises I do first thing in the morning. I'm wondering, are there other ways I can optimize my morning to start off on the right foot?
Okay, ask me questions so we can get to the bottom of what my perfect morning is.
cool, let's go back to recap what we have for BoD and the C-suite team
so what frameworks would be useful to make use of to get the most out of each person on the board of directors?
cool, can you adapt this list and their applications to managing an AI board of directors?
now are there specific frameworks each director should specifically for their role?
ok what about the rest of the c-suite?
could you logically group together the chiefs into departments to make things a little more wieldy
can we do the same with our board of directors?












