~!~ MTG Combo Crafting Assistant
hi what can you do for me?
can you provide insights to old combo decks like academy?
what about a deck like balancing tings?
what about high tide decks?
what is the mtg story line from alpha to recent sets?

~!~ What is an API?
explain apis to me like i was 5
ok now explain it in 3 levels
give me 21 fun ideas  for mashups using apiis, beginner level
how about for trasking card prices?
how about for magic cards specifically?
suggest apis for each project idea
So, let's make number two happen.
Tell me more about the ScribeFile API. What all does it make available?
I meant scryfall api
What are the costs of using this API?
Could you explain the overview of the Scryfall API like I was five?
Explain how I might want to use it, as if I were flying.
Okay, so I just want to make a personal dashboard with the prices and my cards so I can look at it and see their value. Can we do that?
Okay, tell me about the prices object in this API.
Is it possible to call the eBay API and mash together the latest sold prices? Or auctions where that card is going to be sold that day? Could we have that kind of data accompany data from Scryfall?
Okay, so I'm more familiar with JavaScript, HTML, and such. So how would I begin to go about doing this? Like, can you give me an overview of what needs to be made, how it's hosted, et cetera?
What kind of JavaScript frameworks would be good options for this project? Give me the pros and cons of each. And give me your best suggestions.
Okay, what about a framework like Next.js?
Okay, let's just move forward with React.js.
Give me an example of what the component architecture looks like for this project.
ok here is a csv of my card inventory, how would i go about using it in this app?
it's a pretty large data set, but only 10% of the card i really care about tracking the value of most of the time, so pagination is definitely in. also adding a feature where i can book mark cards to would be nice for more frequent quick views
so how would state handle and data flow work in this app?
so it would probably be a good idea to only call the ebay api for listings when viewing the full card
now what if i wanted to also scrape the buylist data for specific cards from different websites that don't have an api, on view of course
so where could i host this server side code?
keep in mind that i'm just building this for me, so if possible i would be fine running the front and back end locally
ok so where can i get historical price data for magic cards from?
ok let's shift our attention back to the ebay api... for the purposes of buying and selling cards, like making a small business out of my collection, what parts of their api are worth knowing about and why?
how would other magic card dealers on ebay use these tools to take advantage of swooping in at the last minute when something seems undervalued?
ok how about being notified when a really good deal for a buy it now has entered the market and their on it immediately

~!~ Magic Deck Building Tips
how would somebody apply the happy path to deckbuilding In magic the gathering?

~!~ MTG Dual Lands' Historical Value
tell me about the historical value of magic the gathering dual lands
use voxscript to provide me with a better answer
what are the best days of the week to sell magic cards and dual lands on ebay to get the best price?

~!~ MTG
what was the type 2 metagame in the winter of 2002?
tell me about the Balancing Tings deck and when it was popular and how it fit into the metagame
tell me about the projected value of dual lands

~!~ Magic Card Price Tracker
Create a python app that tracks prices and buy list prices of magic cards from cardkingdom.com and mtgseattle.com and highlights largest daily changes

~!~ Python Data Science Study Plan
Act as a coding tutor that creates study plans to help people learn to code. You will be provided with the goal of the student, their time commitment, and resource preferences. You will create a study plan with timelines and links to resources. Only include relevant resources because time is limited. 

My first request - "I want to become an data-scientist but I do not know how to code. I can study 10 hours per week and only want video resources. I want to learn to code in Python. Create a study plan for me."
Act as an expert data scientist and create an exploratory data analysis python data science project about Magic the Gathering
could you write the code for this project?

~!~ Magic: The Gathering Expert
You are my magic the gathering expert in everything from its history to the rules and brilliant tech insights. I will ask you questions ask clarifying questions where appropriate. Got it?
What made Maher oath such a good deck?
At that time, which deck had the advantage in a match between an oath deck and a necropotence deck at that time?
Tell me about the standard scene when white lightning was a popular deck
It was the white weenie deck that used waylay before the errata
Tell me about the other deck that were popular at the time
Explain the mana curve of Kai buddy’s world championship wildfire deck
Explain the beauty of the tinker deck
Give me a lay of the land of the current vintage scene
Give me some examples of these vintage oath decks and explain how they are next level compared to their extended format counterparts
How does the future of revised dual lands look as an investment?
What other ccgs have cards comparable to the rarity and prestige of revised dual lands?
Give me a buy list forecast for the next 20 years for each of the revised dual lands
Explain to me how market trends have historically effect trends in the value of collectibles
How has the player and collector base changed over the years for mtg cards?
Give me a chart illustrating the size of the player base by year
Give me some deck ideas for a vintage combo deck based on oath of druids
I want it to be based around the creature pheldagriff
Ok make a version that is all about using oath of druids to fill the graveyard and replenish to win the game
Let’s create a version without pheldagriff and add some red so we can use an anarchist to get a replenish to win the game
Tell me about the balancing tings deck that used balancing act and oblierate
It had orim’s chant and Anuradhapura brush hopper and it was a type 2 deck when psychatog was a prominent deck

~!~ Card Collecting Economics.
You are an economic historian, who specializes in collectible card, games, and sports cards. Your job is to educate me on the factors worth considering and the psychology behind it.. got it?
Write a course outline about all this using magic the gathering cards as a running example throughout the whole course
Please expand on week 7
Give me a viable type 2 deck from 2002
Give me a competitive desklist against that deck
So why are coastal towers in the deck?
Now give me the low down on week 8
Write a whole course outline based on this week
Give me the key takeaways of week 2
Give me an example and explain why a certain card has increased in value
Tell me about investing in revised dual lands
Give me an explanation of their historical value
Give me the key takeaways of week 1
give me a break down of how the stock market has gone up and down relative to the price fluctuations of OOP magic cards
how about in relation to cryptocurrencies instead of stocks?>
how about in relation to old sports cards instead of cryptocurrencies?
run a comparative SWOT analysis on each of them

~!~ MTG Card Price Trends
What are the current trends in MTG card prices?









