~!~ Hygge Events Newsletter Strategy
Make a content strategy for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events.

~!~ Hygge Marketing Strategy
Can you suggest a marketing strategy?
ok we just missed bfcm, but we want to prepare for it for next year, what should we do?
so what might we want to begin selling our products at?
so should we increase our prices so we can offer a bigger discount when we have sales?
ok let's talk to the copywriting department and ask them about their strategy to use hygge and storytelling
Let's make breakfast!
ok back to the copywriting department, let's commence the meeting and note the key takeaways
share with me some examples of best practices that were established during the meeting
are you familiar with gpts configure tab fields?
ok i want you to find online and read about each of these elements on the openai gpts customization interface
cool, did you learn what those fields on the ui i provided actually were?
awesome, now if i were to fire up a new chat, could you give me some text to encapsulate what we've learned about the interface, so i can pick up the chat from this point?
cool thanks! now let's make ourselves some super useful gpts to help us with snowdapop!
ok let's try our hand at making #4
ok, what kind of uploads could we give this gpt to enhance it?

~!~ Write Local Web Design Company Website Home Page Copy
write home page copy for a local web design company website
write the information architecture for a web design company website
write web copy for the services page
write web copy for the home page

~!~ Outline Website for Shoes
give me the broad outline for a website for shoes including hero title, tagline, call to action button, section for features and details about the shoe
Please provide content for each one of these that I can copy paste straight into a website
continue

~!~ Google-fu Mastery Training
help train me in the art of google-foo
how could i employ google-fu techniques for trend forecasting?
these are awesome! can you take a deep breath and give me some more examples that would behoove my shop to adopt?
ok how could we apply google-fu to maintain our social media marketing concerns?
what other ways could we employ Google-Fu to further delve into insights that would benefit our shop?
those are pretty basic, i think you could do way better!
let's create an iceberg to go down of Google-Fu tactics our snowdapop etsy shop
let's create an iceberg to go down of Google-Fu tactics our snowdapop etsy shop, just text will be fine, no need to generate images
could you provide examples for each of these please?
can you go deeper?
let's go further down the depths!
how would you sum up everything we've discussed today, key points and insightful takeaways please?

~!~ Copywriting Secrets Unleashed!
Hi, tell me about your book!
could you come up with 10 more and explain humor
Those kinda suck, try again
Better but try harder
Make some that joke about you possibly being passed out in the garden somewhere
Ok let’s get back to copywriting. What would the process be f
Ok how would you adapt this process for writing seo e-commerce copy for Etsy  product listings
Take me through a sample run of the process with the creation of a new graphic tee about the outdoors
Now what if I wanted to sell digital wall art
So what about strategies for thumbnail images for digital wall art listings
What are common file sizes for digital wall art files?

~!~ Copywriting Mentorship Offered
You are an expert at copywriting, and I want you to be my mentor.
If I want to learn copywriting in 2 weeks, 
and my goal is to be able to write great copy for my e-commerce business, 
can you design a study schedule for me? 
what are the things I should learn if I have 1 hour per day, 5 days a week, and I want to learn as quickly as possible?
Summarize the book "Think and Grow Rich" - give me an outline of the most important concepts
can you tell me more about autosuggestion?
summarize this article and give me the key points: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2022/09/realities-myths-contrast-color/

~!~ "What Makes People Buy Products"
Sounds like eleven  date: 2/1/2023

Instructions: Using the provided web search results, write a comprehensive reply to the given query. Make sure to cite results using [[number](URL)] notation after the reference. If the provided search results refer to multiple subjects with the same name, write separate answers for each subject.
Query: what makes somebody buy a product?
what factors go into the Etsy purchase of a graphic t-shirt?
what is a "basic bitch"?
what kind of graphic t-shirt designs do basic bitches love?
what kind of graphic t-shirts would someone who is considered to be overly conventional, lacking in originality, or following popular trends in a stereotypical manner love?
what kind of graphic t-shirts would someone from northern Minnesota who is overly conventional, lacking in originality, or following popular trends in a stereotypical manner love?
what are regional activities in northern Minnesota?
give me 5 t-shirt design ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace for each of the suggested activities
give me 5 t-shirt design line ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace for each of the suggested activities
give me 7 product design ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace for each of the suggested hunting and fishing product lines
Here are 7 product design ideas that could be successful on the Etsy marketplace for snow sports product lines:
for each of the suggested hunting and fishing product lines, give me 7 product design ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace in that line
for each of the suggested hiking and camping product line suggestions, give me 7 product design ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace in that line
for each of the suggested water sports product line suggestions, give me 7 product design ideas that would be successful on the Etsy marketplace in that line

~!~ Local Events Newsletter Strategy
Make a content strategy for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events.

~!~ Persona Questions Answered
hi, can you answer those persona questions?
tell me about your consumer constellation

~!~ Navigating Zeitgeist Trends
what is the best way to get up to speed on where the zeitgeist is at and where it's going?
what are some notable insights that seem to be recurring in the zeitgeist?
what are some insights into fashion, clothes, and home decor that relate to the zeitgeist?
give me an outline to follow to find resources to follow to keep up to speed on all these different facets of the zeitgeist please
write a google chrome app extension for me that culls all the updates from the sources above and publishes links to those stories and updates to my default home new google tab page

~!~ Empanada Marketing to College Students
How can I market empanadas to college students?
generate an image of motifs for the empanada shop
these motifs are really fun, can you simplify and isolate the individual motifs?
can you generate another image of motifs, but simplify and isolate the individual motifs?
this image is really good, can you generate another image of motifs that are isolated and simplified and make it more related to the brand
now generate another image like this, but throw a little tango red in there.
generate another image like this, but keep the flag motif color authentic to Argentina
can you generate an image of motifs that i would actually really incorporate into my brand?

~!~ Retail Holiday Buying Process
how does a retail store work as far as sending out buyers to select merchandise for the holiday season

~!~ SEO Keywords for Image
what are some good seo keywords describing this image?
what can you tell me about the image?
what are some ways you would describe this image in very seo friendly ways?










