~!~ Debugging Haunted Code
you're a talented and accomplished lyricist and i would like to run some lyrics by you for comment, please:
any improvements to be made stand out?
ok we'll keep it the way it is, what style of music would be suit these lyrics?
ok how would the lyrics for this song look if we went to progressive rock direction?

~!~ Haunted grocery stockers song
ok you are a talented and gifted lyricist, wordsmith
let's write a fun rock song for Late-night grocery store shelf stockers about working in a haunted grocery store
ok i've worked up the lyrics some more, what do you think of these lyrics?
ok what do you think of these lyrics:

~!~ Haunted House Sales Strategy
hi you are a successful lyrical advisor and wordsmith, could you look at these lyrics and give me your opinion and suggestions please. it's a first draft:
ok i'm just not crazy about these lines:
any suggestions for improvement?
ok could we see the updated lyrics if we go with option #?
what style of music would best suit these lyrics? give me 5 options to think over please

~!~ Country Lyrics Feedback
hi, you are a successful country lyrical advisor.

could you take a look at some lyrics i have for a country song and give me your thoughts, critiques and suggestions for improvement please:
ok i took some suggestions to heart, here's where the lyrics are at now:
ok worked on the lyrics, here's where they're at now, what do you think?
ok more updates made, what do you think?
oK awesome so let's assume these lyrics And delve into finding the right musical country style to bring out the best in this song

~!~ Abstract Imagery for Music.
i need some abstract imagery to go with these lyrics for a music video, here are the lyrics:

(Verse 1)
0:00 - Midnight, I was all alone
0:04 - Heard a tapping, chilled me to the bone
0:09 - Opened up the door, what did I see?
0:14 - A Raven, staring back at me

(Chorus)
0:17 - Oh, Raven, why do you haunt me so?

could you make them minimalist instead of abstract?
let take these in a delta blues style

~!~ Haunted Kitchen Song Lyrics
let's come up with some song lyric concepts about working in a haunted restaurant kitchen
we're going for more of a hard rock tone
let's make it more of a story telling style about the crazy shit that happens in the kitchen working at night

~!~ Haunted Red Office Funk
Let's create some fun lyrics about working in a haunted red
Try again.
Let's make it more specific to a sports bar kitchen.
Okay, give me five possible chorus options for a new song about working in a haunted sports bar, kid.
You can do better. Give me five more.
Let's try some that are more inspired by the monster map.
No, I meant to say Monster Mash.
Not so much. Let's step back and think about where we can take this. Not so much. Let's step back and think about where we can take this.

~!~ Tango Birra Passion Celebration
here are some argentine tango lyrics for my friends in buenos aires, what do you think?
any suggestions or notes to improve the tango lyrics?
more along the lines of "Provoleta Party" for song goofiness, i'm not really going for moving sentimentality as much as i'm looking for fun.
what would the lyrics look like if we applied those suggestions?
ok here's a new draft of the lyrics:
hi i have a song idea i would like to make as a comedic tango song for my porteno friends. since it's for my friends in buenos aires i would like to make it in porteno castellano with the right amount of lunfardo.
so the idea is "El Tango del Provoleta" (The Provoleta Tango): A silly song personifying a wheel of provoleta cheese, describing its dream of being grilled to gooey perfection and devoured at an asado:
well obviously i want it to be like a porteno tango song, i just don't know what i want beyond that

~!~ Tango Provoleta Party
let's write some lyrics for a tango song about a provoleta party
i want it to be translated for my argentine friends so could we write the lyrics in lunfardo?
ok we have a new set of song lyrics for a new argentine tango song i would like your opinion on:
ok we have a new set of song lyrics for a new argentine tango song i would like your opinion on:

~!~ Digital Haunting Lyrics
hi you're a talented rock lyricist, i have some lyrics i'd like your thoughts on:

~!~ Rocking Lyrics & Analysis
hi have some song lyrics i'd like to run by you:
are there any improvements that i could make?
what would the lyrics look like if applied these notes?
ok i've revised the lyrics, what do you think?
any suggestions that would improve the lyrics?

~!~ Ghostly Hotel Haunting Song
you're an expert lyricist songwriter, here are some lyrics i have that i'd like to run by you:

~!~ Chimichurri Recipe Provided
chimichurri recipe
write the recipe as a tango song

~!~ Write Country Song
write a country song about a hot momma who just got a apple mac laptop
continue
what is an appropriate acoustic guitar chord progression for a song these lyrics?
give me 10 melody and rhythm ideas to go with these lyrics
give me a chord progression for this song for each melody suggestion

~!~ Bubble Bobble lyrics.
write starbomb lyrics for a song about the video game "bubble bobble"









