~!~ Pickleball Prank: Mystery Sound
Give me a pickleball-related prank idea.
that's pretty good, but done before... you can do better this!
let's take it up a notch
yawn, try again
ok let's switch gears to party ideas
could you make a facebook image to share inviting people to the memory lane mixer?
could you include a stamp that it's sponsored by 2 old goats?
ok let's switch gears to two old goats being a construction company
show me some graphics of old goats beginning the construction of a house
show me some graphics of old goats in the middle of the construction of a house
show me some graphics of old goats at the end of the construction of a house
could you make them look way older?
even older
show me some graphics of old goats beginning the construction of a house
show me some graphics of old goats beginning the construction of a house, but this time let's make it dreary like a 1920s film noir detective movie
ok just make a single goat outside in the rain with a name tag
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats landscaping
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats building a pickleball court
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats landscaping
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats building a golf course
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats building a volleyball court
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats building a volleyball court
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats volunteering at a soup kitchen
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats living in a van next to a lake
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats living in a van next to a river
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats at burning man
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats reading the news on broadcast television
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats running for president and vice-president
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats in a thriller like music video
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats fighting crime
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats robbing a bank
ok now we need an image of these 2 old goats performing as magician and assistant

~!~ 10 Parody Mission Statements
Hey let’s make a go at creating a mission statement for a parody company called 2 old goats
Can you generate 10 more and explain your reasoning
Give us another round!
Ok but take into account the double entendres of a greatest of all time being championed by literal goats
Yeah but we’re not really selling an idea but a stupid idea
The people behind it are retired, could you work that more into it?
Let's take mission statement number one and take it all the way to the true customer value and fill in the branding steps in between.
So what would be some fun graphic t-shirt ideas for this two old goats business?
Hey, those were really fun GoToT-shirt ideas. Could you make more?
These are really good. Can we make a set of 10 that are pickleball related?
What other graphic designs or tools could be a guide?

Using Farside humor, make an image with old goats, playing pickle ball.
Give me more of these with a 2 Old Goats theme.
Could you add to image number three a bunch of beach babes in the style of a big Johnson graphic design
How about adding penguins instead?
Use this theme to create four more images.
Use that beach scene with the two old goats and give me a version where it is snowing.
Could you make this image just outlines like a coloring book would have?
🤩 give me 4 more images and remember that there are 2 old goats!
Now give me four different image renditions of cyberpunk versions of these images.
That’s not really the direction I was thinking… let’s see they look in the style of Norman rockwell
Why the error?
That’s not really the direction I was thinking… let’s see they look in the style of watercolors
Recreate these images in the style of Norman Rockwell.
That’s not really the direction I was thinking… let’s see they look in the style of Leonardo di vinci
Okay, let's go back to that first coloring book outline illustration of the goat in winter. Let's recreate that, but it's fall.
Wow give me 4 more of these! ❤️
Give me 4 more, but they’re building a house
Do it again, but lose the penguins.
Can we remake these in the style of a high-priced pointillist painting?
Let’s see what they look like in the style of Van Gogh
Let's see what they look like in the style of Salvador Dali.
Let's see what they look like in the style of a Sunday comic.
We love the characters in #3. Can we use them in all stages of construction?

~!~ Pickleball Group Sympathy Card
write a sympathy card from a pickleball group to "Steve & Pam" regarding the death of Pam's father, who was over 100 years old. Included with this card are funds to be used at some time in the future for a celebration of life.
give me 5 better more sentimental quotes for the inside left panel
give me 5 more iterations for the inside left panel

Ok now let’s do 15 etsy T-shirt ideas for Pickleball
Can you make the humor more pun based
Oh you can do better than that! Use your cleverness!
Give me 15 more
25 more, you can do better…
How would I design each of these differently for men differently than women
Those are a little abstract…
Ok go into more descriptive and illustrative with each variation
Let’s be more fun and go into a Pickleball phrase that is fun that gets in the other team’s head, but most of all, is a design based on lettering
That’s really good! Give me another please
That’s really good! Give me another please !
That’s lame, try again!
What color harmonies would work best for this design?
Explain why the different harmonies between sexes?
Fascinating, go into more detail of how the different color harmonies resonate with women?
Are there any renowned sweet spots worth mentioning the strike certain chords?
Mentally, how do people typically approach designing their home?
What motivations would trigger someone to go on Etsy to ultimately end up buying some home decor?
But what triggers in their situation and surroundings would spark someone to take such actions?
Ok what about graphic tees?
What insights do you see that humans often overlook in this space?
So in thinking of #3 what makes for a timeless design?
What about timeless design when it comes to pod home decor items?
How would that change if it was timeless Nordic pod home decor?
Let’s go into detail and bring me up to speed on the idea of subtle luxury
Tell me more about design and emotional connection
What might the syllabus for a course on proportion and balance for someone seeking a degree in subtle luxury design look like?

~!~ Eerie Pickleball Gathering Invite
Would you write a Pickleball Party Invitation that has some funny and witty dialog.  The date of the party is August 31st at 11:30 AM at Creekside Park.  Hot dogs will be provided, bring your own beverages and a side dish.  RSVP Steve for attendance and side dish selections.  Create the invitation in the style of Dr Suiss.
Rewrite it in the style of Edgar Allen poe
Rewrite as a mysterious party invitation from Vincent Price
rewrite as an invitation written by the belcher family from bob's burgers

~!~ Pickleball Rising Popularity.
you are an historian and an expert in the game of pickleball. how do you feel about the increasing popularity of pickleball?
you are an expert in pickleball strategy
as an expert pickleball strategist, what advice do you have for intermediate players?
give me some tips for advanced pickleball players
give me some tips for optimal pickleball play
what do you mean consistency is key?
Why does that not make sense?
Why wouldn't inconsistency in placement give you more of an advantage?
I'm talking about purposeful inconsistency as a strength
how do you do a good spin serve
can you go into detail for step #1?
continue
expand on #7
write a physics equation for how this works
what is an optimal pattern to use spin in a game to mess with the other team?
what would be a good erratic pattern for serving the pickleball?

~!~ Pickleball Game Improvement Tips
as a professional pickleball player, what advice do you have for amatures to improve their game?
give me 25 more pieces of advice
continue
what a methods of putting spin on the ball?
rules relative to serving?
Give me five tips for advanced players.
give me tips for staying in shape.
Give me stretching tips.
give me doubles strategy tips.
Give me advise on using the best angles.
give me tips on hitting a dink shot.
what is a third shot drop.
what are the levels of pickleball players?
Write a guide for a beginner.
continue
continue
do you play pickleball?
Do you know that you can't play a ball off the ceiling?
Do know that you can only score if you or your team serves the ball?
The new rules of pickleball only allow one opportunity to serve.
give me 45 clever pickleball graphic t-shirt design ideas
continue
what are some big johnson t-shirt ideas about pickleball
imagine if you were a big johnson design executive, what shirt designs would you make for people who love pickleball?
imagine if you were a dead frog design executive, what shirt designs would you make for people who love pickleball?
what are 25 t-shirt ideas about pickleball that are in the style of dead frog?
what are 25 t-shirt ideas about pickleball that are in the style of nike?

~!~ Tips For Winning Bags
i need 10 tips for winning a game of bags
As a professional pickleball player, what are 25 pieces of advice you would give to amatures?
what are 20 pro tips
what are some advanced pickleball strategies

~!~ Animated Invitations with After Effects
Give me five ideas for spicing up an invitation with After Effects. It's a digital invitation.
Repeat your answer.
Those are fun. Give me.
Okay, I have to develop a digital invitation to the first annual Pickleball Invitational at Mitch's. Bad ideas, dear God.
Those are fun ideas, but I bet you can do it better. Give it a try. Think it through. Take a deep breath.
Okay, I like the first set of suggestions better.
Okay, let's think of more ideas along the lines of First Invitation.
Okay, let's go in a simple, minimalist direction.
Give me more ideas, please.
other ideas have, please.
Okay, let's think more about the design on the poster itself.

~!~ Pickleball Slogans for Mugs
Hey team, for fun, let's create a lifestyle brand called Two Old Goats, aimed at the older generations. I think first we'll focus on a pickleball angle. Old people, everybody seems to love pickleball.
Let's delve into the apparel because it seems like an apparel lifestyle brand first, then we can consider moving on to other things. First, let's take a look at ChatGPT, OpenAI, DALL·E, GPT-3, and GPT-4.
Give me 20 slogan ideas for t-shirts that are on brand for this whole two-world ghost venture.
Those are pretty good, but I know you can do better. Give it some thought. Take a deep breath. Think about it again. Take a deep breath. And give me 20 better slogans.
How about we start with something easier like pickleball slogans for coffee mug?
ok let's see how team belcher does!
ok let's Move on to our next challenge - sportable pickleball t-shirt design ideas!
ok let's knock it up another notch with a bonus round, in addition to the previous challenge we are now designing pickleball shirts for a lifestyle brand called "2 Old Goats"
can we summarize what we've covered so far?
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Medieval Pickleball Jesters!
Pickleball party ideas. I need 20!
Give me 20 theme ideas
Theme ideas for pickleball parties
More punny please
Let’s drill into #4
Ok now let’s dive into #11

~!~ Pickleball Clothing Line Pitch
You are a highly experienced salesperson who knows how to present ideas in the most persuasive and effective way. I want you to help me sell my {idea} to {audience}. Deliver your response in markup using the following format:
- A headline describing our audience and what they're looking for from the ideal idea. 
- A description of how they are likely to judge an idea. Tell me the criteria they might use.
- A list of their rational, social and emotional motivators and how they relate to my idea. These are the motivations of the audience rather than the brand. I need to know what drives the people I'm talking to.
- Based on these understandings, give me a list of their most likely objections along with advice on how I can counter them.
- Finally, give me your recommendation on what my main message should be to them. Deliver this as a script of the opening words of my conversation with them.
{audience}: retired people who enjoy pickleball
{idea}: a clothing line that is like big johnson t-shirts, but more mature (age) in humor
ok give me 20 ideas for graphic t-shirts for this brand

I'm planning a pickleball party in Bentonville, Arkansas next weekend, give me a weather forecast  forecast in this template for next weekend:

Date:
Location:
Temperature: 
Weather Condition:
Clothing Recommendation:

