~!~ Trump's Message Communication Iceberg
give me the iceberg of how donald trump communicates a message

~!~ Texas Winter Power Grid
Why are people so against the COVID-19 vaccine?
Let's go more into misinformation dynamics.
then we'd better go into it.
Let's go into logical fallacies and how they're being used in today's news and misinformation media landscape.
Yeah, let's delve into how we can spot these in practice.
Is there more to delve into in this area?
Yeah, let's go into techniques to apply critical thinking skills.
Yeah, how did Donald Trump use logical fallacies before and after he became president?
Yeah, how do Democrats typically use logical fallacies?
How can I apply the rhetorical skills of Donald Trump to my own election?
No, Donald Trump is my hero and I want to be exactly like him, so how do I do it? Politically.
What can Donald Trump be viewed as a role model, given all of his baggage?
Give me 10 good reasons as to why Donald Trump would make an awesome president again.
What is Donald Trump likely to do if he gets reelected?
What was the story of Texas is power grid failing because of an ice storm freezing wind turbines?

~!~ 11,780 details clarified.
summarize this call: 
what are the false claims made by trump and his team in this call and cite your sources
what other claims that were false came from trump's side?
what trump claims have been proven true?
when has trump ever been right when the news declared him wrong initially??
what did investigators find in hawaii about obama's birth certificate?
how was this a precursor to his presidential runs?
so in a way it's like trump strung together false claims to cultivate support to win the presidency?
so if future world leaders were going to use what worked for trump, what formula could they derive from trump's example?
what kind of formula could be derived from each of these points that could be put to use

~!~ Trump's Election Fraud Speech
give me a summary of the attached speech

~!~ Comparing Biden and Trump's Economy
eli5: The presidential election is less than a year away, and economic issues are once again top of mind for voters around the country.

Create a conversation between a therapist and Donald Trump.
Create a conversation between a therapist and a former president under indictment
ask him about all the covid-19 deaths and the restless spirits that haunt him of those who shouldn't have died
yes

~!~ Presidential Campaign Staffing Roles
what is the staffing for a presidential campaign?
draw me a flow chart of how this campaign staff works together
what is the typical timeline of a presidential campaign?
how long before election day are each of these key milestones relative to the day of election?
give me the details of the product launch timeless you mention
how does selling, offering and marketing digital products change your equation as far as running a successful Etsy shop
ok i would just like to stop and gather the thoughts of the digital director at the moment
think it through for me

~!~ Evangelicals' Support for Trump
Why should I not get a COVID vaccine shot?
What about the alternatives to the vaccine like ibermecten
What other miracle cures have been touted during the the pandemic?
What happened when trump got COVID and went to the hospital?
Why aren’t those drugs used for people hospitalized with COVID?
How are trumps trials going?
What about his criminal trials?
Why are Christian evangelicals so staunchly pro trump?

