~!~ Capture Breathtaking Sunset Moments
Make an Instagram post about a breathtaking sunset
now let's do an instagram post about hygge

~!~ TikTok Trending Hashtags
Use your web browsing ability to help me find trending hashtags for TikTok.
what's hot on etsy this spring?
are there any politcal parody trending hashtags worth knowing about?

~!~ Instagram Hygge Strategy & Visuals
Who's ready to dive into Instagram with Hygge-colored glasses on?
what design tricks do you use photoshop to really make an image exude hygge?
what about each of these works in what way? could you explain the reasoning behind the comforting effect for each one?
is there a seasonal change to what inspires hygge over the year

~!~ Ghost Story YouTube Series
Hi team, we're tasked today with wrapping our heads around different story arcs that could be effective in our line of ghost story YouTube vignettes. Are you ready?
Could you give me an elevator pitch for each example?
I like the idea of a haunting going viral. Why should ghosts always be stuck or tied to a house?
like it.
Okay, let's work out an idea for the first episode. Give me ten options.
Those ideas are okay, but underwhelming. I want you to think it through and take a deep breath and try again, because I know you can do much better. Go.
Okay, I would like to go in the direction of a haunted house that is full of junk because it used to belong to a hoarder. But this hoarder is dormantly resting in the house as a ghost. But when the house sells and a new family moves in, the first thing they do is have a garage sale to make space for their stuff. Halfway through the garage sale, the ghost awakens and is furious that all the stuff he's hoarded is being sold at this garage sale. So I think it would be interesting for it to have the volume turned up and the ghost loses his mind. Give me 10 directions we could go from here.
I would like to go in the direction where the ghost in his fury curses all the objects at the garage sale, so anyone who's holding it, an item, or touches an item, they find themselves in suspended reality, where it seems like time goes away, and they are just dragged through a torrent of compelling emotional events that psychologically wear them out. So while they appear frozen to the outside world for just a moment before they snap back to reality and set the item down, to them, they have no idea how much time passed. To them, it seems like an eternity has passed. So needless to say, they've had a moment. So the other part of this curse is that they can't be weathered. They're immovable. So as time goes on, this starts to become a spectacle in its own right, and the ghost is starting to get a full head of, wow, look at all the attention my horse's stuff is getting, and this is kind of boosting his ego. Give me 10 story directions from here as to where this could go.
Okay, could you pitch me some more ways as to how the story could play out?
Okay, the family is just merely a bit player to get the story going, but we'll give them their own little vignette where they're trying to make lemonade out of lemons. So they try to make some money off all the attention their haunted house seems to draw. Or should I say haunted garage sale? Well, it really isn't at all haunted because that ghost is pissed off and people keep touching the items and having crazy experiences. So let's have an episode where they are trying to monetize their haunting through social media.
Okay, let's lead into and make the next episode where the family suddenly disappears but the social media mysteriously continues to be updated.
It works, but it seems like we have a lot of story over, you know, a sloppy amount of episodes or vignettes or whatever. Given what we've decided on so far, how could this story be broken up into a series of short vignettes?
Thank you for watching!

