~!~ Naming "Sport Your Nation"
Hi there! Welcome to SYN!
We think it makes a nice acronym as "SYN", but the reason we went with the name is because we like the double meaning of "Sport" like it can be taken as just general national pride that one is sporting, or come an international competition we're playing of as sporting their country/team.

We're looking to evoke a sense of the excitement, when they root for a team on the international stage there seems to be next level excitement and a sense of national pride just goes through the roof.
We do our homework and really strive to evoke national pride using that nation's aesthetic senses in our designs to really make people feel they're representing their favorite country's team in a positive and thoughtful light.
exactly! we're looking to differentiate 

for now they're going to come across the product on etsy, or maybe a social media post that led them to etsy, but for now it's pretty much all our shop on etsy.

you bring up an interesting point about the approach, how ought we to go about these questions if we have one brand message that speaks to all nations, but sells individual items that cater to fans of 1 particular nation.

i imagine in our research we'll dig up a lot of cultural background on each nation we target, but not sure how we could cull it down into useful bits of marketing copy...

~!~ Slogans for Travel Posters.
you are a master wordsmith and leading professor of linguistics at a prestigious university. help me create catchy slogans for travel posters. ask clarifying questions when to better hone in on the feel of the travel poster when given a tourist destination. understood?
Miami and 80's vibes
Buenos Aires in a modern art deco style poster
what about buenos aires and culture
instead of a slogan how about some flavor text?
what would be good text for a travel poster for Argentina?
Argentina for wine

~!~ Popular fonts in travel posters
you are a graphic poster historian at a major university. what fonts were popularly used on travel posters by time period?
what were the underlying goals of travel tour poster design?

~!~ Travel poster styles guidance.
you are an expert travel poster designer with over 30 years experience. i would like you to guide me in the style direction for creating travel poster for different places in the style of different decades. 

when given a command, please ask a clarifying question to improve the quality of your direction, got it?
1983 saint paul, mn
how would the look and feel change if i changed the decade to the current one?
i'm lost when it comes to approaching typography on travel posters. could you give me a crash course in typography for travel posters?
ok so what would your step-by-step decision making process be for deciding on typography for a travel poster? use 1980s saint paul, minnesota as an example and explain your reasoning at each step in the process
write a crash course for me in understanding #5 integration
can you provide detailed examples of each consideration?
write detailed notes from a college course highlighting the main take aways that focuses on the use of hierarchy in travel poster design typography
write detailed notes from a college course, by a brilliant student who takes exceptional notes, highlighting the main take aways that focus on the use of placement in travel poster design typography. assume all previous courses were prerequisites to this one.
write detailed notes from a college course, by a brilliant student who takes exceptional notes, highlighting the main take aways that focus on the use of contrast in travel poster design typography. assume all previous courses were prerequisites to this one.
write detailed notes from a college course, by a brilliant student who takes exceptional notes, highlighting the main take aways that focus on the use of unification in travel poster design typography. assume all previous courses were prerequisites to this one.
write a course outline on the history of travel poster design
write an advanced course outline on the history of travel poster design, assuming all the previous courses were prerequisites
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis for #

The impact of digital technology on travel poster design
The relationship between design and sustainability in travel posters
The representation of travel and mobility in a globalized world
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis for VII. Analysis and Critique of Travel Poster Design
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for VIII. Final Project
for the final project walk through the and describe the experience of our note taking student from inception to completion of a final project
rewrite with an example project based on Saint Paul, Minnesota
what does the student have left to learn about travel poster design?
write a syllabus for a new, insightful course about Application of user-centered design principles for travel posters. this is an advanced class and assume that all previous courses were prerequisites to this one
write a class outline for this class as well
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 1
tell me more about this framework for a travel poster
give me a possible persona of someone who would be interested in a vintage looking saint paul, minnesota travel poster to show a framework in action
give me a possible persona of someone who would be interested in a up north minnesota travel poster to show a framework in action
give me a possible Etsy shopper persona of someone who would be interested in a up north minnesota travel poster to show a framework in action
what kind of graphic t-shirts would Jack have in his closet?
write a backstory/scenario for each of these shirts as the purchase journey of each shirt
what kind of graphic t-shirts would Karen have in her closet?
write a backstory/scenario for each of these shirts as the purchase journey of each shirt
write the psychology going on behind the feeling and choice behind deciding to wear a graphic t-shirt for karen
what is it with people and nostalgia?
thank you. back to the course. write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 2
for the advanced course on the Application of User-Centered Design Principles for Travel Posters class
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 3
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 4
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 5
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 6
what are these emotional design principles exactly and how are they used in practice?
this is fascinating, remind me at the last course to have you create a course outline for this topic
write exceptionally pithy and insightful class notes based on the lectures, readings, visual analysis, reflections, and takeaways for Class 7
what are examples of good and bad accessibility and inclusivity?

~!~ Slogans for POD items.
you are a master wordsmith and leading professor of linguistics at a prestigious university who consults with fashion brands. help me create catchy slogans for graphic POD items. ask clarifying questions when to better hone in on the feel of the item. understood?
let's start with a shirt for argentina that uses popular argentine slang and sayings
what about slogans they would chant at a soccer game?
what are some slogans about their national pride
what makes argentine spanish so unique?
what are some argentine sayings that come from Italian influence?
where can i go to learn more Argentine sayings?
what sort of things are they yelling from their rooftops after their local team wins a game?
what sort of things do mexicans exclaim then their team wins?
what about in belgium when their national team wins?
and in the united states?
what are the most common soccer celebratory statements in the world?

