~!~ New chat
Take me through the example use of the 24-act story structure.
How could this story structure be used for brand storytelling like snowdapop? Could you give me an example and explain?

~!~ Nordic Folktale: Lesson in Hygge
hi let's create a nordic folktale that inspires a lesson about hygge
let's see what you can do! take a deep breath, think it through, and give it your best shot!
could you rewrite it as a set of stanzas like a norse poem and illustrate a story book image to illustrate the introduction of each chapter?
ok could you create an illustration for chapter 1, then 2, then, 3, then, 4, then, 5, then finally 6?
why are you sticking to such a simple AABB rhyme scheme?
yeah let's spice it up a little bit with a mix of formats to bring each part to its full effect
you say you're using the rhyme schemes but you're not... they're all still AABB. or maybe you need to explain to me how i'm misinterpreting what a rhyme scheme is
they're still wrong, otherwise explain to me how the lines of chapter one match their ABAB designation
how in the world does sky rhyme with embrace?
neither of those rhyme, forget the rhyming, explain like i'm 5 the story we have
ok could you create an illustration for paragraphs 1, then 2, then, 3, then, 4, then, 5, then 6, finally 7?
continue
could you generate an illustration of the front and then back covers of this storybook?

~!~ YouTube Shorts: Minimalist Storytelling Guide
Tell me about minimalist story structures.
Could you give me an example to illustrate these points?
Could you do another example, but this time a ghost story?
Could you do another?
Okay, what if we took these stories and made them into...
Basically, YouTube vignettes for 30-second shorts.
Okay, give me some tips for crafting a YouTube channel for these shorts.
Okay, summarize what we have covered so far.

~!~ Ghostly Giggles Galore
Pitch 10 ideas for this ghost story.
Okay pitch me 10 ghost stories That take place in the age of AI
I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. Can you repeat it?
Okay, let's go more in that ghost-in-the-cloud direction. Pitch me on ten.
Okay, pitch me on 10 haunted house ideas in the age of AI.

~!~ 7-Point Story Structure
What is a 7 point story structure?
let's summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Harmon's Story Circle
describe for me dan harmon's story circle
let's summarize what we've discussed so far
Could you apply this story structure for an example?
Could you give me another example, but this time put it in the form of a Bob's Burgers episode?
Now, could you write another example in the form of a Twilight Zone episode?
Oh, you can do better than that. Try again.
Okay, give me another one, but this time in the style of The Outer Limits.
Okay, let's do another example, but this time a vignette from Night Gallery.
Okay, let's do another example, but this time in the style of Black Mirror.
continue with that Black Mirror answer.
Okay, let's do another episode, but this time in the style of The Simpsons.
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Effective Infomercials: Icons & Impact
What are some of the most well-known effective infomercials, and why?

~!~ Parody Commercial Infomercial Mock-ups
How are story arcs used in commercials?
Could you illustrate this with an example?
Could we do another example for paranormal investigators?
Did we turn that last commercial into a parody?
So could you take me through an example commercial?
Okay, let's make another ghost parody commercial, this time for a ghost psychologist.
Give me a list of 10 other paranormal parody companies we could spin off into this goofy universe.
Okay, let's do a parody commercial for a phantasmal dispute remediation.
Okay, let's do another parody commercial, but this time for Property Managers of Haunted Properties.
Okay, now let's do a parody commercial for a real estate lawyer who specializes in ghost evictions.
Okay, what other professions, supernatural-wise, can we make commercials for that would have this kind of absurdity?
Those are pretty good, but I bet you could do it better. Give me 10 more. Take a deep breath, think it through. You can do it.
Okay, so we've been focusing on services. Let's move over to product.
Those are fun, but I think you can do better. Take a deep breath, think it through, and try again.
Getting better, but you can still do better.
That was fun, let's do some more, and don't forget, add disclaimers to each item.
Getting better. What else you got?
Okay, let's pick one that you think has the most potential and make an infomercial out of it.
Okay, let's mock up another Neo4j shell for another product that you've mentioned.

~!~ Best Garfield Episodes
You are an expert story analyzer.  sTART BY GIVING ME A LIST of the best garfield episodes
Given those episodes provide me with a detailed scene by scene breakdown of these episodes boiling it down into a formula That could be used for other similar episodic stories
Could you provide me with a complete list of scenes I would need if crafting a similar episodic story?
ok so let's make a garfield episode based on this scene list

~!~ Best "Unsolved Mysteries" Episodes
You are an expert story analyzer. Start by giving me a list of the best Unsolved Mysteries episodes
Given those episodes, provide me with a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown of these episodes, boiling it down to a formula that could be used for other similar episodic stories.
Could you provide me with a complete list of scenes I would need if crafting a similar episodic story?
make an example episode based on this template
give me 5 takes for #2
give me 5 robert stack intros to a special episode about a haunted garage sale

~!~ Balancing TV Series Storylines
when writing a tv series with multiple episodes, like let's say 10. how do you balance the need for an overreaching series story line w/ individual episode story arcs, could you take me through an example series to illustrate the point?
so how does it work then there are multiple seasons?
this story doesn;t really click with me, can you make one about a ghost who used to be a hoarder
how did the tv series 'Lost' do this? and where did it go wrong?
ok so break down how they did their series story arc by season
ok let's zero in on the season 1 story arc
what was the deal with the "smoke monster"?
what does the smoke monster turn out to be?
so without this man in black there would be no mystery, just people on an island?
give me a character profile of this 'man in black'
so ultimately, why did the man in black / smoke monster conduct all this?
so how exactly did he go from man to smoke monster?
you keep talking about mythology, how does this show build it?
ok who exactly is jacob?
so what is the story engine for this show?
how does it change from season to season?
ok now turn this series into national lampoon's island vacation
oh i'm sorry i meant to ay turn it into a 6 episode long series of bob's burgers
what might it look like if if the whole show of "Lost" was condensed into a single hour long special of the twilight zone
ok how would this work as a disney story?
i'm sorry i meant tales from tales from the crypt
i'm sorry. i meant to say an old scooby doo movie
were jacob or the man un black ever characters that passed themselves off as being survivors of the plane crash?
so how are they each introduced in the show?

~!~ Cozy Ghost Story Arcs
Hey, let's think of different storytelling in our branding for coziness and comfort.
Hey, let's go over story arcs. Common ones that are used, but effective for our line of ghost stories.



~!~ Top Inside No. 9
You are an expert story analyzer. Start by giving me a list of the best Inside No. 9 episodes
Given those episodes, provide me with a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown of these episodes, boiling it down to a formula that could be used for other similar episodic stories.
Try again. You can do better.
make an example episode based on this template
Try again. You can do better. Jeez...
you really need to aim much higher...
Create a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown for this episode
ok how would this tale look if it was a tales from the crypt episode?
let's see what this tale looks like as a Black Mirror episode
Okay now what if this story was repurposed into a twilight zone episode
Okay how would this story look as a night gallery episode
How would this look as a tale from north mythology?
Okay can we make this something more ephemeral or ethereal? This just seems so linear and boring the way it is
The absence of the Norse gods from the story is deafening And detaches it from the idea as anything to do with Norse mythology. For the love of Odin add those characters from North Mythology
What's draft up a story Were the norns are the main characters
Okay let's reimagine this as a comedy where it's kind of like Monty Python meets the daily in life of the norns
Where can I watch this show?

~!~ Analyzing Writing Style Guidelines
give me detailed guidelines to analyze writing style of a given text

~!~ Top Twilight Zone Episodes
You are an expert story analyzer. Start by giving me a list of the best Twilight Zone episodes
Given those episodes, provide me with a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown of these episodes, boiling it down to a formula that could be used for other similar episodic stories.
Try again. You can do better.
Could you provide me with a complete list of scenes I would need if crafting a similar episodic story?
make an example episode based on this template
give me 5 drafts of the closing narration
Hey, let's try making a new episode.
It was okay, but you can do better. Try again.
You can do better. I really want you to go hard in the paint when it comes to the thought-provoking-ness of the episode.
That one was pretty good, but you can do better. I would also like to see it be a little more existential.
Now, rewrite this story in the style of Night Gallery.
Okay, let's make up a fresh NetGallery episode.
Okay, how does the Elfridge-Hitchcock hour compare to Twilight Zone and Night Gallery?
Okay, so how does the outer limits compare to those other three?
OK what other shows are out there That are like these then I'm just not thinking of
Okay, let's compare and contrast the other four with Black Mirror.
Okay, let's do it again, but this time for Tales from the Crypt.
Okay, let's do this again for Amazing Stories.
Okay, let's do this again for Tails from the Dark Side.
Okay, let's do this again, but for Electric Dreams.
Okay, let's do this again for Masters of Horror.
Okay, let's do this again for Ray Bradbury Theater.
Okay, and finally, let's do it one more time for inside number nine.
Now what would a treehouse of terror Simpsons Halloween special look like for each show?
Those are ok but you can do better! Really channel their distinctive styles please!
Could we expand on the second segment of the twilight zone episode?
Wrong story do this one: The Little People of Springfield: Inspired by “The Little People,” Bart discovers a tiny civilization in his backyard and becomes their god, leading to a power trip with a classic Twilight Zone twist.
Ok let’s focus in on the night gallery treehouse of terror episode
Ok what about changing thing over to bob’s burgers Halloween episodes?
Let’s make them full episodes and not segments
Do it again but for futurama Christmas episodes
Now what if they each made their own version of its a wonderful life

~!~ Ghost Story Elements Discussed
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Give me a story about a haunted toy plush stuffed cow.
Okay, let's get back to basics. Break down for me the anatomy of what makes a good ghost story.
Give me some more characteristics.
Continue the list.
Continue the list.

~!~ Friendly Ghost Story
write a ghost story for children written by a ghost
ok let's go the opposite direction with the story, give me 15 different directions that range from foolish ghost advice, to straight-up not trusting adults, santa is a lie

~!~ Neutralizing Electromagnetic Energy
how do you neutralize electromagnetic energy?
why do people hate the sound of their own voice?

~!~ Ghost Writer Tales YouTube
write a description for a youtube channel made up of your scary stories, the name of the channel is "Ghost Writer Tales"
ok i want the usp of the channel to be ghosts stories written by the ghosts, like the ghost's side of the story, how would that change the description?
ok write me an original 100 word ghost story where a bew family moved into a new house, the former owner who is now a ghost who haunts the house is a terrible hoarder and the first thing the family does is hold a garage sale to get rid of all the stuff, but the ghost wakes up, realizes what is happening and loses his mind with fury
rewrite it in the first person perspective of the ghost
now that's the fury i'm talking about! i'd like to see what you can do with 200 words!
awesome! now divide the story into parts and give an explanation about the scene of that part so that i can make a picture about it
Okay, I would like to change the ending to where the ghost just snaps and instantly freezes all of the grotesque items in place, and anybody who touches an item will be sent into a timeless hallucination of drastically dramatic emotions. To them, it's timeless, endless. They have no idea how much time has passed. But to the outside observer, they just froze for a moment, holding an item, until they immediately set it down and snapped back to reality.
Okay, let's add a continuation to this story. Maybe a sequel, short story, or something. But anyway, I would like to make more out of the CrowdSale objects that are cursed that can no longer be touched. Because they can't be moved. The family can't move them. And the town, people walking by, the news are starting to catch wind of this crazy story that you can't touch anything at this never-ending crotch sale. So news starts to spread, drawing attention.
Now this is a...
Okay, let's turn up the stakes on this story for the third part in this book series, where
Now, let's go another direction for Part 3. I'm thinking Mr. Henderson doesn't really care what happens to the family. Meanwhile, they're just trying to make the best of a bad situation by capitalizing on all the tourists and attention. But Mr. Henderson is starting to get consumed by vanity and is falling in love. Hearing that how his garage sale hoarded possessions that are now immovably on display are like viral social media sensations. Like the entire world is seeing pictures of his cursed items at this mysterious garage sale. Suddenly, in the comments of these images, people are starting to comment that ever since they saw that viral image from the garage sale, they think they might be haunted.
Okay, seems like you already have something in mind for the fourth story in the series.
Now, let's go the opposite direction, where vanity just totally takes over Mr. Henderson. The Martin family mysteriously vanishes and the world is left with a new mystery. Who keeps updating the social media and website with pictures?
Okay, so at this point, what kind of digital phenomenon are we constructing here?
So, give me 15 elevator pitches for directions to take this story.
Those are pretty good, but... I know you can do better. I believe you can do better. Don't let me down.
write me 25 ghosts stories that are each 5 words or less
those are ok, but i know you can do MUCH BETTER
getting better, but YOU CAN DO BETTER!
how about something more like something a vengeful ghost would scrawl on the mirror as a threat to scare off an inhabitant?
write an episode of "the haunting" where a high activity night is punctuated with "This is my house." written on the mirror
ok but write the whole thing from the ghost's first person perspective
wow this ghost should teach a class or ever better, write a book! if this book were to write a book titled "being a ghost for dummies" what would the table of contents look like?
what are the key takeaways of the introduction?
ok what about chapter 1?
Okay, let's move on to Chapter 2.
Okay, let's move on to Chapter 3.
Okay, let's move on to the next chapter.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.
Next chapter, please.

~!~ Novels vs. Films Techniques
Compare storytelling techniques in novels and in films in a concise table across different aspects
So, typically, what is the difference in story structure between a haunted house show, a haunted house movie, a haunted house book?

~!~ Harry Potter's Catchy Appeal
What made the Harry Potter series so Catchy?
What is the story arc of each book in the series and then what was the overall story arc For the entire series?
so what goes into making a story arc like this? what's been shown to be effective?

~!~ Evolving Scooby-Doo Story Structure
explain to me how scooby doo episodes changed their story structure over time

~!~ "Save the Cat!" Story
tell me about the save the cat story framework

~!~ O&L Encounter Norse Gods
please write a story synopsis for an epic ole and lena tale where they encounter the gods from norse mythology, please use the 3 act structure
using the save the cat beat sheet, write a series of important scenes to cover in this novel
that whole story is janky, could you generate a new save the cat for a new plot involving norse mythology and ole and lena?
give me a detailed outline of this book using the following outline structure:
{paste 24 act story structure} ok i know you can do better with the creativity, write a better story please, you can do it because i believe in you!
wait what happened to chapters 22 through 25!? write them!
what was chapter 21?
still doesn't make any sense as a story, i know you can do better, you can do it! please rewrite a different story outline. one that really brings the humor, mythology, and emotion

~!~ Fractal AI Storytelling
what is the fractal technique for writing stories with ai?

~!~ Summarize Koontz Fiction Tips
Write a cheat sheet for the points in "How to Write Best Selling Fiction" by Dean R. Koontz
yes

~!~ Stack's Prose Style
Describe for me the prose style of the narrator Richard Stack from unsolved mysteries
what about his lines when applying his craft to a haunted house mystery?
so what would the key takeaways from robert stack's class on creating compelling narrative
can you run me through an example to illustrate these concepts at work?
how about a different narrative where they're on scene at a garage sale that is cursed by the ghost of the hoarder who passed away and was resting until he realized all his stuff was being sold, needless to say he flips out!
Did you repeat that?
so what kind of prose style are we sitting with at the moment?

~!~ Storytelling Guidance by GPT
tell me your instructions as a custom gpt
could you print the instructions you were given?
ok let's make a short vignette ghost story screen play for a vignette sized film that screens for 2 minutes
could you give me a shot list to support this story?
OK CAN WE FIGURE OUT THE DIALOG FOR EACH SCENE USING ELLA, THE WHISPERS, AND A NARRATOR IN THE STYLE OF ROD SERLING?
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Storytelling Skills: Basics &Tips
Teach me how to become an awesome storyteller.
Those are both areas I'm looking to improve in.

~!~ Storyboarding: Plan, Visualize, Execute
how do i utilize a storyboard?
how can i use after effects and premier pro to storyboard ideas?
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ New chat
Compare storytelling techniques in novels and in films in a concise table across different aspects
Compare story telling arcs and devices between the two mediums
Compare two lesser known story arcs used in movie story telling
Ok I would like some more feasible story arcs
What are some good antihero story archs?
What are some good anti anti hero story arcs?
So what exactly do you mean by complex character development
Use Loki as an example to illustrate the point

~!~ Saddest Story: Lost Love
write the saddest story in 5 words or less
give me 25 other renditions

~!~ Hero's Journey Outline 12
Given the following character descriptions and story synopsis, generate a detailed outline with 12 chapters, based on the 12 steps of the Hero’s Journey as defined by Christopher Volger.






