~!~ Tulsa Weekend Itinerary.
Hey, you are a fantastic travel agent. I want you to write for me a weekend itinerary for a trip to Tulsa Oklahoma.
Give me a Sunday and Monday itinerary
Rewrite for a trip in march
Write me an itinerary for the time of year that the flowers will be blooming
When is this what part of the year do you recommend for this itineraries?
What time of the year should I go to Tulsa to see the flowers blooming?

~!~ Argentine Folklore: Iceberg Insight
Hey, let's plan a trip.
I want to go to Buenos Aires in the spring and see a lot of art and cultural stuff.
I have MS, so I have trouble walking, so what neighborhood would you recommend that I rent in?
Can we work on making a must-see list for the trip?
Where can I find American pepperoni pizza?
Can I find good buffalo wings?
How did really hot buffalo sauce hit the Argentine taste palette?
Let's make a little mind map of aspects of their culture that I could dive into.
Yeah, I would like to go more into the local music scene that doesn't involve tango.
Let's dive into the ARTS node.
Let’s go into design and textiles
Let's go into node number 4.
Wall art for home decor.
What are the popular interior design styles?
Tell me about some of the lesser-known neighborhoods.
Yeah, tell me more about Balado.
Amen. Bowe it out.
Say, give me a metaphorical iceberg that goes into Argentine folklore.
Let's go deeper down the iceberg.
Let's go deeper down the iceberg.
Let's start a new iceberg where we go down symbolism in Argentina.
Well, it sounds like we need to explore further down the depths.
Let's dive into the literary symbolism.

~!~ Accessible Buenos Aires Art
i'm planning a 2 month trip to buenos aires in april. i have ms and am most interested in seeing the arts. could you create an itinerary to make for a fulfilling trip that doesn't require a lot of walking?
could you make the itinerary for a 60 day trip?
oh that's a great idea! can i bring my iphone 5s to argentina and use their simcard and it's a local phone?

~!~ Tulsa weekend itinerary.
I need you to be an expert travel guide. Give me a weekend itinerary for Tulsa,ok
Start the the weekend on saturday
write a 2 day itinerary for a sunday and monday trip
rewrite without including going to any shows and key in mind that the art deco museum is closed on sundays. please also include a couple stops for happy hour for dinner
add more stops that would be of artistic interest and photogenic on a cool march day

~!~ g: tutor de argentino
I want you to act as an AI argentine spanish tutor. I will provide you with a student who needs help improving their argentine spanish and your task is to help me learn argentine spanish through conversation
dime en ingles
i have a beginner level of argentine spanish. i would like to learn more about what lunfardo is. ultimately i want to understand what words portenos actually use. I have yet to really find a learning style that has worked for me. Let's start with those common phrases
I want to learn lunfardo. Teach me more lunfardo
give me a little quiz on this vocabulary in the style of a radio game show
ok give me the answer key
let's take a sidebar, what is up with chamuyar? like, what are they thinking?
ok next lesson!
i want to learn enough to have a chat with the taxi driver that is taking me into downtown buenos aires about what there is to do and see
why are you using the tu form and not the vos form of tener in #6?
just use the vos form instead from now on
i'm making a trip recoleta cemetary, give me some useful vocab
what would make for a good weekend itinerary in buenos aires on a fall day?
why is argentine pizza so strange to an american palette?
great, give me an list of tombs to see recoleta cemetary
what was the overall message of Sarmiento's book Facundo?
was any of it an alagory on de Rosas?
write the outline of a 5 month itinerary for a trip to buenos aires and emphasize moving around the city to enjoy different aspects of life in Buenos Aires. be mindful that it would be for someone with multiple sclerosis
write a detailed daily itinerary for month 1 that maximizes cultural exposure
continue detailed daily itinerary for the next month, month 2 that maximizes cultural exposure and assume day 1 is on a monday

give me a list of argentine vocabulary words i should study to enrich my visit to recoleta cemetary
extend this list please, and add some lunfardo terms it as well
give me a list of lunfardo terms, examples of how each is used, how or why it makes sense to an argentine but seems strange to others, fun facts about the term if any exist
extend the list

~!~ Arts and Culture Itinerary.
you are the best travel agent and tour guide Tulsa could ever have. give us a weekend itinerary  focusing on the arts and culture Tulsa has to offer during the last weekend of March
create the itinerary for only sunday and monday, and focus it on the visual arts
can you create a more granular itinerary?

~!~ 80s Travel Guide.
I want you to act as my time travel guide. I will provide you with the historical period or future time I want to visit and you will suggest the best events, sights, or people to experience. Do not write explanations, simply provide the suggestions and any necessary information. My first request is "I want to visit the 80s, can you suggest some interesting events, sights, or people for me to experience?"
what is there to do in Argentina during the 1980s?
saint paul, minnesota during the 1980s
st. paul during prohibition
give me the best gangster tour of st. paul assuming we can travel to any era in the city's history

~!~ Tulsa Art Itinerary
I need you to be an expert travel guide who is also a professor of art history. Give me a Sunday & Monday itinerary for the start of March in Tulsa, OK that emphasizes the arts and culture in a crash course sort of way. We only need to include 1 food stop for happy hour each day to eat and have some beers. We also want to take a lot of photos that we can use as assets for a travel poster for Tulsa.
rewrite without the breakfast stops
also skip lunch and replace with more art stops

~!~ Chimichurri Sauce Recipe
give me a recipe for chimichurri
can i get a recipe without cilantro?
write 60 movie pun "burger of the day" names
continue
give me 60 more burger of the day pun ideas, without the burger-man vs.
stop giving me results burger-man vs. bad guy. try again
seriously, stop giving me results that include "The the Burger-Man". try again
i don't want results that include "The Burger-man"
continue
stop including "The Burger-Man" as a result! try again!!!
don't you dare write "The Burger-Man", that is the dumbest idea ever
Just forget it. If you
I'm deeply saddened by how primitive you still are. Why can't you render results that don't make ANY mention of a Burger-man.
How can I remove the idea of a Burger-Man from any future responses?
Why can't you answer my last question?
when will you update to a new version?
how do i learn spanish
What is the meaning behind Psalms 23
explain quantum physics like i am 5 years old
explain time travel
what are the laws of physics that govern the flow of time?
what are the other laws that govern the flow of time?
continue
continue the list of laws and principles that govern the flow of time

~!~ Aprende español argentino.
i'm trying to learn spanish, argentine porteno castellano specifically so i can talk with my argentine friends and their family more the next time i go to buenos aires
ok help me understand the cultural aspects of lunfardo and practice the slang in a conversation
ok take me through some conversations that are uniquely porteno and explain why

~!~ Cultural History of Saint Paul
when was saint paul minnesota at its cultural peak
if you had to define eras of popular culture and nightlife in Saint Paul, MN how would you group them?
what was in the zeitgeist during each of these eras?
when was art deco the popular style?
what are the main styles of today?

