~!~ CompTIA Trivia YouTube Channel
You are a successful and experienced YouTube channel developer, marketer, and brains behind many successful YouTube channels. I want to start a YouTube channel that does trivia questions that prepare viewers for CompTIA exams. We feel something like this should exist so we'd like to bring it into existence but we need your guidance and expertise to make it happen. Got it?
ok what would be some savvy name ideas for a quiz channel that gives multiple choice code and computer science questions
ok let's assume we're going with TechTrivia as the name. 

now on to content planning, i was thinking we could do episode of 25 tech questions following a particular theme. for example CompTIA, but not limited to. I was thinking we could do ones on AI, code interview questions for specific languages, etc.

could you give me a list of quiz ideas i could use?
ok let's get to video production what are my options for making quiz videos?
ok i've been wanting a reason to learn premier pro so let's go with that. what would be some best practices that a tech quiz youtube channel ought to take note of?

~!~ Fun Quiz Ideas
give me 20 fun ideas for quizzes
let's keep these text question answer based quizes
what adobe products would be best for making youtube video quiz games?

~~~!~ Bar Trivia Game Sheet

Can you create a 25-question bar trivia game night sheet? Please include questions from a variety of categories such as general knowledge, movies, sports, history, and science.

Can you provide the answer key to the 25-question bar trivia game night sheet you created?

Can you create a quiz with 15 questions specifically about graphic design vocabulary? Please include a variety of terms and concepts related to graphic design.

Can you provide the answer key to the graphic design vocabulary quiz you created?

Can you create a quiz with 15 questions about the capitals of U.S. states? Please include a mix of well-known and lesser-known state capitals.

~~~!~ Country Hints Table

Can you provide a table with 60 unique countries and a one-word hint representing each country? The table should have three columns: the first column for numbers (1 to 60), the second column for one-word hints, and the third column for the country names. Please make sure no country is repeated.

~!~ ChiveTV Video Submission Terms
How much does chivetv pay for videos?
Can you explain this like I am 5
Tell me about chive tv’s business operations and brass tax
What would it take to create the next chive tv?
So what does the tv arrangements with localized ads look like?
So why would people send in clips?
What kind of video with each of the beautiful part of the reason submit, whatever video

