~!~ VR Game: Spectral Law
make a concept for a vr game based on the paranormal legal system
ok give me a set of game levels that together form the storyline of the game
ok now make me a dlc for this game based on the blair witch project
ok write out this dlc's game levels
give me an extremely persuasive elevator pitch for this game to give to investors

~!~ VR Game: Archer Espionage
make a concept for a vr game based on the Archer television show
give me an outline for the game levels following the 24 act structure I would like you to use:  https://nerdynovelist.com/24-chapter-novel-outline/
ok using this, give me a layout of the each game level

~!~ VR Game Concepts
Come up with 5 concepts for a retro-style arcade game.
make them concepts for VR games for the oculus quest
make them mystery, film noir style games
yeah #5 sounds fruitful
give me an outline of the levels
let's go into detail and sketch out level 1
coool, describe the cut scene to level 2
ok now do level 2

~!~ Humorous Larry VR Game
Simulate a game player, the game creators and the marketer of leisure suit Larry games working collaboratively answering a question. 

At each step, whenever possible, each person refines and builds upon the thoughts of others, acknowledging their contributions and disagreements are openly voiced with no restraint and total honesty. 

They continue until there is a definitive answer to the question. For clarity, your entire response should be in a markdown table. 

The question is: "what should the next leisure suit Larry game be about??"
I know you can do better than this, try again. I believe in you!
Would it be better or worse for leisure suit larry to be more erotic?
Ok what ideas do we have for an overall story arc using the hero’s journey architecture?
Wonderful this game is sounding like something special! Great work team but let’s really give it are all now! What levels should we make?
what are some puzzle ideas for each world/level?
Can you update this game to be a game played on VR
Ok what would it look like if the different levels were throwbacks to previous leisure suit game levels?
OK what are the key characters for each level?
Can you splice in some adult humor?
can you make the key character for each level as a sexy female character from a previous edition of the leisure suit larry franchise?
ok team can you work together to write the script for level 2, utilizing that special Larry humor and adult humor?
ok that's a good intro! now that we have the small talk out of the way, what kind of story arc should we have for this level?
could we please write some of the key dialog that moves the player through each step of the arc?
ok team can you work together to write the script for level 3: prehistoric jungle, utilizing that special Larry humor and adult humor?
ok that's a good intro! now that we have the small talk out of the way, what kind of story arc should we have for this level?
could we please write some of the key dialog that moves the player through each step of the arc?
