~!~ Rewriting Bohemian Rhapsody for Hamburgers
rewrite the lyrics to the song "{song name}" to be about {subject}
give me 45 original funny names for {subject} of the day
Make the {subject} of the day names more based on puns on movie titles.
incorporate creative {subject} ingredients into the {subject} pun names
base the {subject} of the day names more in the style of {reference}
base the burger of the day names more in the style of the burgers of the day from the TV show "Bob's Burgers"

~!~ Top Bob's Burgers Episodes
You are an expert story analyzer. Start by giving me a list of the best Bob's Burgers episodes
Given those episodes, provide me with a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown of these episodes, boiling it down to a formula that could be used for other similar episodic stories.
Try again. You can do better!
Could you provide me with a complete list of scenes I would need if crafting a similar episodic story?
could you create a new episode using this formula?
i meant a new episode of bob's burgers
let's try making a halloween episode of bob's burgers, even give me a funny name for the store next to it in the opener and the pest control joke
ok now let's do one of their epic thanksgiving episodes
ok we can definitely get more creative than this, avoid using any sort of festival business
let
let's make it less ambitious and more heart-warming
Give me another top 10 holiday episodes
Of bobs burgers
What about the top Hitchcock hour episodes
How can I view Hitchcock hour episodes?

~!~ Greek-inspired Feta Attraction Burger
It's another day, what should we make for a burger of the day today?
give me a recipe to make this burger
ok louis  got to the burger of the day board and actually came up with a really good burger of the day idea (and pun!)

~!~ Historical Burger Puns
Explain to me why this pun is funny for a burger of the week called: "Thomas Elphinstone Hambledurger" with manning cole slaw

~!~ Burger Name Wordplay
Explain to me why this pun is funny for a burger of the week called: "Thomas Elphinstone Hambledurger" with manning cole slaw

~!~ Bob's Burgers Labor Day
what episodes of bob's burgers are good for labor day?

~!~ Burger's Halloween Special Crafted
how does bob's burgers usually craft a halloween special episode?
so what might it look like if they were in the twilight zone this halloween?
ok now give me 10 ideas where they are in the twilight zone for their halloween episode
OK maybe we should do this the other way around Give me 10 Twilight zone rod serling-esq opening monologs for the belcher's visit to the twilight zone
OK now give me 10 Closing monologs if we went with opening number one
ok let's make the story the fits between these two bookend:

Opening Monolog

"Tonight's episode transports us to a quaint little burger joint, a beacon of normalcy and the epitome of the American dream. But in the Twilight Zone, even the most ordinary places have their secrets. Join the Belcher family as they flip more than just burgers, peeling back the layers of reality to reveal the extraordinary within the mundane."


Closing Monolog
"The normalcy of daily life resumes at Bob's Burgers, the oddities of their adventure now just whispers between the sizzle of the grill. The Belchers stand together, a little wiser, perhaps a bit more wary of the thin veil that separates their world from the unknown mysteries that lurk in the shadows of the Twilight Zone."
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Halloween Burger Ideas
It's another day, what should we make for a burger of the day today?
We need some burger ideas for Halloween bob

~!~ Creating Vignette: Tips & Examples
Hey, teach me the art of making video vignette stories.
Okay, kind of makes sense. Can you take me through the construction of an example vignette for the twilight zone?
Okay, could you do another in the theme of unsolved mysteries?
So could we go into more detail about sound design for the Unexplained Unsolved Mysteries vignette?
Okay, now let's zoom back out one, and think about how we would make a vignette for Bob's purse.
Let's create another example vignette, this time for Bob's Burgers.

~!~ Financial Advice for Bob
how would a conversation between Charlie Munger and Bob Belcher go if Bob from Bob's Burgers was asking for financial advice?
let's get bob's take on how the meeting with charlie went and what he learned and if it has inspired any plans
give me 10 more burgers of the day inspired by the financial advice of Charlie Munger please
what do you think of Bob's burger of the day ideas, any favorites?
hey gang! how about we all play this murder mystery game i found!
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Burger of the Day!
we need 15 burger of the day ideas and only your genius in punnery can help us!
give me 15 more
ok let's open up a pizza place and come up with punny names for pizzas of the day
can we create an image where the background is like the intro to bob's burgers, but the people are replaced with goats
can we only get a few goats in there and square up with the front of the burger establishment
can we make this more cartoony?
like in the style of a cartoon?
what are your custom instructions?
can i get a couple images of movie posters based on bob's burgers of the day?
yes
could you make some non infringing posters of the 2 now?

~!~ Gouda-licious Burger of Day
It's another day, what should we make for a burger of the day today?
how about some kind of mac'n'cheese burger?
could you generate 10 other possible punny names for this burger?
those are ok, but i bet you can do better!
these are pretty good, but i bet you could do much better!
ok, awesome ideas! what else can we do with this ai?
#2
let's dive in the idea of cooking classes or workshops
let's go into the lesson plan for the gourmet burgers at home workshop
could you give me the highly detailed notes of someone who attended this workshop?
let's take a look at that booklet!
let's zero in on section 1
ok what are the key takeaways from section 1
can you go into the details of #4 from section 1?
fantastic! let's dream up a menu for our restaurant!
let's dive into the idea of Themed Burger Nights
come up with 5 punny burger nights w/ their ingredients for each of the suggested nights
i meant 5 burger ideas for each night!
Let's create 10 Burger Pizza Hybrid Ideas for Burger of the Day.
Okay, let's imagine Bob's Burgers rebranded and became Bob's Wing Shack. Using his proclivity for pun-based names for the item of the day, let's create a menu of 15 Wing Sauces of the day.
Can you create 15 more names, but this time for the hottest wing sauces on the menu?
ok these ideas are fire and bob is opening a new pizzeria with the same proclivity for puns, but this time for puns for pizza of the day! give me a list of 15 of his pizzas of the day please!
but make them more punny

~!~ Belcher Children's Creative Adventures
write the log line for 15 of the belcher childrens' creative writing assignments
ok give those kids all the sugarbooms thay could ever hope for and give me 15 more!
ok let's now have them write about the future of society and AI
what would they come up with if they were inspired by the twilight zone
ok what is they made ministories for the simpson's treehouse of horror
summarize what we've covered so far







