~!~ Cthulhu 2024 Campaign Slogans
if cthulhu were running for president in 2024 what would his campaign slogan be? give me 25 ideas
give me 25 potential political positions he could campaign on
those are ok, but i know you can do much better than this. take a deep breath.. thinking things through step-by-step and try again.
eh, try again and remember this is supposed to be a tongue-in-cheek, comedic campaign  that frolic in the cosmic horror and nihilism with good humor and thoughtful jokes that have disarmingly true insights
could they also have some resemblance to current political issues?
now give me 15 ways this parody campaign could make fun of the prosperity doctrine
haha give me 15 more, you can do better!
eh, you can do better...
ok give me 15 where he's pandering to the evangelical vote
now give me 15 that parallel trump's campaign
what else do ya got?
Cthulhu University sounds like a lot of fun to be had! Let's dive into this keeping the parallels to trump university
ok, what degrees are offered by this "university", give me a list
yeah but have them parallel the kind that trump university offered
let's dive into degree program #1, could i get a degree overview with a list of required classes
great can i get the class schedule for the first year of this 4-year program, with class descriptions
great can i get the class schedule for the second year of this 4-year program, with class descriptions
great can i get the class schedule for the third year of this 4-year program, with class descriptions
great can i get the class schedule for the fourth and final year of this 4-year program, with class descriptions
ok let's check out the syllabus for the Intro to Abyssal Real Estate course, the first year, fall semester
let's take a look at the table of contents for "Abyssal Real Estate: A Comprehensive Guide" by Dr. Obed Marsh
ok let's take a look at the key takeaways from chapter
let's zoom in on #5
let's dive into #4
give me an image of #1, and then another of another tourist attraction, then another, and another, and another please
ok just give me 10 text descriptions to feed midjourney for that part
ok back to cthulhu's campaign, what kind of vice-presidential candidate would be fitting for cthulhu?
ok so cthulhu has allies in congress, who might these characters be?
ok tell me about the campaign of Cthulhu and Nyarlathotep for president 2024, what it looks like and how it plays out
give me an example of 3 of his rallies and how they went down
ok so he's running as some kind of 3rd party candidate... so what ideas do you have for his party?

~!~ Cthulhu Buddy Comedy Pitches
give me 20 elevator pitches for a buddy comedy featuring cthulhu
ok i like #, pitch me a pilot episode
Okay, could you repeat that?
Okay, the producers like the pitch.
Okay, the producers like the pitch for the show. Now they want you to pitch them 10 episodes for a pilot season. What would those 10 episodes look like?
Come on, you can do better than that.

~!~ Cthulhu Presidential Campaign Strategy
how would cthulu enslave humanity by winning the american presidential election? what kind of campaign could he possibly run to win, fairly, a democratic election in the USA

~!~ Cosmic AI: Lovecraftian Sentience
How did hp lovecraft approach world building in his stories
So how much of what is typically thought of as the lovecraftian pantheon is actually image by someone else
Ok let’s dive into how he created the foundation he did
Tell me about his lost city location  and its role in the mythos
So what would he think of in the creating a myths like he did in the modern times with ai gaining prominence
Pitch me on his take on consciousness, identity, and creation in the age of ai
Ok let’s do something that doesn’t involve echos
