~!~ Ghost Eviction Letter
Please write in an eviction letter for the ghost that is haunting my home
ok it's 6 months later and this ghost is driving you mad, draft another eviction letter
ok let's see one where the homeowners has lost his mind and any sense of respectfully handling the situation
ok now write a letter notifying him that a priest will be coming by tomorrow afternoon to perform a cleansing
the cleansing didn't work, the ghost is madder and more active than ever, write another letter
what is this? a letter? a response from the ghost?! what does it say?
it's the next day, you're trying to be helpful and remember there wasn't a handbook on being a ghost for dummies, you sit down at your computer about to look on amazon when you see a book sized package! how curious it seems so you open it and to your astonishment, the book your ghost has been waiting for, 'Being a Ghost for Dummies' !

With an irresistible curiosity you're compelled to open this mysterious tome, you flip to the table of contents, what do you see?
wow! let's checkout the famous hauntings and their lessons
that was fun, let look into the ghostly lifestyle
wow, so much good stuff in this book! send a letter with the book to our ghost tenant... time goes by... omg a letter! what does it say?
he was not kidding about writing ghostly poetry as you start finding pieces of it scatted throughout the house and written on mirrors in lipstick. what do they say?
40 years have passed since your first exchange, your ghost buddy has become a famous author who has now decided to write his autobiography. you're handed an unedited version, what are the table of contents?

~!~ Haunted House Vignettes
Give me 15 ideas for short, suspenseful 15-second vignettes for YouTube Shorts.
Give me 15 more, but this time the setting is in a haunted house.

~!~ Haunted House Thriller Blockbuster
Write me 10 taglines for a haunted house suspense/thriller blockbuster
Write me 10 taglines for a haunted house suspense/thriller comedy featuring a garage sale gone wrong
Write me 10 taglines for a haunted house garage sale gone wrong
Write me 10 taglines for a youtube channel featuring ghost bloopers
i want it to be more like atmosphere's chive tv, but with ghosts
i like "The Lighter Side of Spooky" as the youtube channel tagline, now what kind of channel name should we have?
ok let's go with the channel name "BooTube" - now let's draft a channel description, give me 5 to choose from please!
i like # can we get 5 more drafts like it?
ok let's go with the channel description: " BooTube invites you to glimpse the afterlife's amusing side, a place where ghosts are more likely to tickle your funny bone than chill your spine. Our channel is dedicated to uncovering the comedic potential of the paranormal, with a vast collection of clips featuring ghosts at their goofiest. From mischievous spirits to supernatural bloopers, we offer a unique blend of humor that's sure to lift your spirits. Subscribe and join us in the fun that echoes beyond the veil!"
now let's recap what we have decided so far
awesome i think we have an awesome concept for a youtube channel here! now let's think of what kinds of content we'd want to make for this channel
those are ok, but i would like you to think up better ones please, these are just too average
ok if i wanted to work on each content idea in a new chat, how should i prompt to pickup where we're at when i initialize a new chat?
Okay so for production I have a camera, a video camera, a Midjourney, ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini and Adobe Creative Suite subscription. 2 parents and a bunch of stuffed animals. with this in mind and none of us want to be on camera. What content ideas are we still looking at?
Can you summarize what we've discussed so far?
summarize what we've discussed so far
What would be some unique chivetvesque bloopers for ghosts
Eh you can do better than that

~!~ Ghostly hand grabs ankle
Close-up of a ghostly hand, chains rattling, as it grabs someone's ankle and yanks them under a bed.
Blurry montage of terrified people running, screaming, tripping over furniture. Distorted clock chimes tick frantically.
haunted dinner party
movie poster for a haunting movie. highlights an empty rocking chair rocking on its own

~!~ Haunted House Vignettes
give me 10 premises for a 60-second youtube vignette that lend themselves the a haunted house story using the 3-act structure
ok give me 10 endings to #1
let's use #8 and now give me a break down of the plot using the 3-act structure
on second thought, use the seven point story structure
so what kind of character arcs do we have going in this story?
ok let's flesh out the setting, assume we're doing this first and then build the story, never have a single scene in the exact same setting
what is the main theme of this story?
ok draft a script based on where we're at
give me 10 ideas for replacing "The family discovers old legal documents challenging their ownership. Tension rises." with something better than a boring legal issue
what other ideas do you got?
let's go with #7 can you rewrite a new draft?
ok so what is the story's overall conflict?
give me a list of scene for this story that fit into a 30 second vignette
write 5 drafts of a robert stack, unsolved mysteries style intro to this story
Can you summarize what we've discussed so far?
Given everything we've discussed, what suggestions do you have as far as directions to pursue or things to be improved upon, or just things that stand out to you as uniquely unique?
Could you explain that again like I was five?
Could we get more clever with these ideas?
Could we get more clever with these ideas?
Cmon more clever than that!
Elevator pitch me on 10 ideas we’re steering towards
How would each of these play as 30 second vignettes
Those ideas are tired and boring, bring something fresh and new
Let’s go in the direction of haunted house hunters, a show that keeps fails to evict ghosts from their properties
How could each of these play as vignettes?

~!~ Ghosts & Giggles YouTube
pitch me on 10 themes for a youtube channel focusing on short vignettes about haunted houses and ghosts
I like the idea of "Ghost Bloopers"
ok let's shorten down the length so it can fit within a 15-30 second  short on youtube
so give me a theme for this channel
what if we made the channel name "Ghost Bloopers"
What if he made it like Chive TV?
Yeah tell me more about the business Of creating entertaining content loops that you can stream to bars like Chive TV seems to do, Like how could we turn ghost bloopers into the next Chive TV?

~!~ Ghostly Home Renovation Parodies
pitch me 10 premises for this idea: Haunted House Renovation: A parody of home renovation shows, where ghosts attempt to modernize their haunted house to appeal to a younger, more tech-savvy audience.

~!~ Haunted House Vignette Ideas
give me 10 ideas for a haunted house story that would lend itself well to vignettes?
i like #6, can you give me a list of premises for it?

~!~ Ghostly Vignettes: How-To
Say, what lessons can be derived from infomercials and television commercials that could be applicable
I'm working on creating a series of 60-second vignettes. I would like to know how commercials have story arcs that can tell so much in such a short amount of time. What lessons could I derive that would be applicable to vignettes?
Okay, so let's go through the first lesson step-by-step.
Okay, let's move on to the next lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson, please.
Okay, next lesson, please.
Next lesson, please.
Next slide, please.
Next chapter, please.
Okay, so what kind of hooks might we entertain if we were making vignettes for a ghost story?
Okay, for this ghost story, let's talk about cliffhangers and resolution for minions.
Okay, for this ghost story example, let's use it for explaining cliffhangers and resolution.
Okay, so moving forward, now let's talk about branding for this ghost story.
let's summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Viral Haunting Garage Sale
Let's write the outline of a story Where the haunting goes viral. like it starts with a haunted house that is sold to a young family but this house is full of old stuff because they used to belong to a hoarder this is so one of the first things the family does when they move in is hold the garage sale to clear out all this stuff. well he wakes up the ghost of the hoarder and realizes holy crap they're selling my stuff My precious collection so he loses his mind and the first thing he wants to do is scare everyone at his garage sale like never before so I'm thinking it'd be a good way forward for him to curse all the items that the garage sale Make them immovable and indestructible like whether people can't move it nothing everything is frozen in place as far as garage sale Items go. those poor garage sale shoppers Who are so unfortunate to be holding these haunted garage sale items fall into a world of hallucination And are taken through an unfathomable amount of time to them through the most intense emotions were to the outside observer If just a mere moment is passed until they set it down silently in a mixture of disbelief Performance wander terror just the whole wash of emotions. So it's fair to say the ghost has won this round the family is terrified he is managed to terrify and scare off all the garage sale guests
Now let's take any sense of this being a comical thing out of the picture, this is about the terrifying idea that a haunting in a house can go viral! 

so let's move onto part 2

~!~ Ghostly Vignettes: Spooky Humor
give me 10 pitches for ghostly vingettes
ok let's replace the comicality of it with lovecraftian cosmic dread
can we make them more about a haunting expanding beyond the haunted house?

~!~ Ghost Story Ideas: 10
Pitch 10 ideas for this ghost story.
pitch 10 ideas for this ghost story idea:

ok what about a house that was owned by a hoarder who is now a ghost at rest while the hoards of stuff remain untouched. then one day a young family buys the house and sells off everything
ok now how about we try it from the ghosts point of view
ok let's assume the ghost absolutely flips out and is now far beyond driven
Repeat.
you had an idea of the haunting spreading via shared images of the items through social media that got corrupted, but i still think has promise
this was meant to be a continuation of haunted garage sale story with Cornelius cursing the garage sale items, making it a spectacle that attracts a crowd, the idea is to extend his haunting from the house to the family because they've mysteriously disappeared, but the social media accounts are still being updated with posts about the items, and now those images that are going viral and suddenly people begin to respond in the social media comments of the image that they think they

~!~ Eleanor's Haunting, Fearful Episodes
Tell me about all the components it would take to make a faceless YouTube channel that's driven by AI.
Okay, so give me a checklist of things I either need to make, or develop, or do myself, or set up with AI. Give me a to-do list so I can just do it, and then you're ready to help me with what's next. But first, let's get that to-do list and make things.
Okay, so my idea for the YouTube channel is to take advantage of the popularity of haunting and haunted house videos, or shows that have episodes where there's kind of a predictable arc, but it's always from the family's point of view. You never get the ghost side of the story of the haunting of these people. So that's the point of this YouTube channel. Ghost stories from the point of view of the ghost.
Okay, walk me through the creation of a script for one of these videos.
I would like you to make an example screen.
I like it. Could you write the next episode?
Cool. Let's move on to the next story.
I like it, let's see where it goes.
Okay, write the next episode.
It's okay. Kind of slow, but I see the direction you're going in. So let's just keep thickening the plot.
Okay, let's do another episode.
I think we need to go the other direction with the fear factor.

~!~ Haunted Hoarder's Garage Sale
Okay I have this idea for a ghost story that starts off like a typical episode of "A Haunting" The family moves into a new home but this house was formally owned by a hoarder so the home first order business is we should have a garage sale Clear out this junk. in a way this is like the inciting incident because the ghost of the hoarder is upstairs in the attic at rest. Saw the ghost wakes up halfway through the first day of the garage sale And realizes what's happening and like any hoarder who is seeing all his stuff being sold loses his mind. Immediately curses all of his stuff at the ground sale And anybody so unfortunate as to touch or currently be holding one of his items they are mentally taken to another dimension that seems to last lifetimes taking them through the most intense emotions and while things seem normal maybe a little off because they pause for a second only a second goes by to the outside world but when the person finally sets down the object there's Beach and they just walk off Beside themselves. Who saw the family they're trying to run this garage sale notice people being stupified for a moment and then walking off I thought saying a word. Sell one of the family members you know goes to re-range a table touches one of the hoarders items and is transported to another dimension mentally for a little while and upon coming back realizes so much but one more thing is why people are just walking off in silence whenever they touch something at the garage sale. So it becomes apparent that the ghost in cursing these items Also made them immovable The weather had no effect on any of these items. so there was really no way to shut down this garage sale And word is starting to get around town about this weird phenomenon and it's starting to draw attention yeah if you're non believers you're believers your religious folks, etc.  

Then the haunted garage sale starts trending on social media and now the whole world is fixated on this mysterious garage sale and its haunted, cursed items.
Okay, so think about expanding this story and then kind of breaking it out into a series of vignettes because to further the idea. The family goes missing, the social media accounts are still being updated, and some of the pictures that are being shared on social media of the objects once they've been seen by a viewer, they start leaving a haunting impression on those viewers and you start to get comments in the comment section implying that they think they might be haunted because ever since they saw the image, strange things have been happening. So this is kind of where the haunting is going viral and I kind of want to take it in a direction of instead of one long single story, it's just one story that ramps up into a social media gimmick that I can have fun making small vignettes of whatever trinkets just to help people enjoy their day and also to kind of mock those haunting TV shows.
Okay, I'm starting to see where it's quite a wide breadth of directions, so it might be a good idea for us to put together a style guide for the story, the vignettes, that we can also then carry over to social media.
Can we try again and have more of a Unsolved Mysteries, Robert Stack kind of vibe?
Okay, can we try again? We're going in the right direction, but I feel like some kind of element from the show lost where they're able just to keep coming out with seasons. So much content. So much mythology. What might that put us at?
Okay, so let's assume we're doing the vignette thing. 15 episodes a season for 6 seasons. Give me an overarching story arc that encompasses the 6 seasons. Don't worry about drilling into any episodes of any seasons. Just give me the broad strokes of how we could do this season-to-season.
So yeah, spinoffs, that's interesting. Give me 10 elevator pitches for spinoffs.
Those ideas are okay, but they're pretty average. You can do a lot better than this. Take a deep breath. Really give it your best.
The ideas are getting better, but, you know, I still believe we can do better than this. This is your last chance to lull me on this one.
Okay, let's develop the Ghost Hoarder character. It's living version, it's awakened, vengeful version, and the version of him that causes him to despair the family, take over the social media updates, and let vanity get the better of him.
Okay, that sounds good for now. Let's work on fleshing out the overall story.
Okay, let me make clear.
Okay, let me make clear that the family only plays a marginal role. They're not centered to anything. So, they just disappeared because the ghost was like, I'm taking control of this shit.

So let's take a little aside and look into the motivations as to why people hoard in the first place. What would cause somebody to start hoarding to a degree that they have a problem?
So, given everything we've covered, what would be your plan in executing what we've discussed?
Okay, that's one way. Right. You can do better than this. Give it another shot. Really think it through and then
Oh, fuck you.
I would like you to answer the goddamn question.
Okay, let's focus on getting the main story right. What are we going with so far, and what directions could we use to make it better?
How could this story be rearranged or repurposed or rewritten in a way where everyone ends up rooting for the nuisance, which in this case is that hoarding ghost?
Okay, so I'm thinking that we start with putting a few YouTube videos up. So that would be the first couple little episodes to set the scene. So what seems vital for that first effort as far as getting a storyline and a story hook and people interest.
Okay, let's start making a list of god sale items we can start focusing episodes around.
Those are pretty good. What other garage sale items do you got in mind?
Okay, how could we engineer this story to be a viral hit?
Those are some good ideas. What else do you got?
This sounds like so much fun. What other social media ideas do you have?
Not bad, but what other ideas do you have?
Okay, give me a list of 25 hashtags for this project for social media.
Okay, give me 25 ideas for channel names for YouTube.
Okay, give me a content calendar for a week of all the social media stuff I should be doing daily for each episode.
Okay, could you explain your reasoning behind that calendar?
Okay, can you recap our event calendar so far?
Okay, so let's do the final week of week one.
Could you give me a content strategy for launch week?
Okay, so you don't really have anything as far as a marketing budget goes, so what would you suggest a shoestring way to do this launch?
ok so let's stop and take a deep breath, collect our thoughts and pull together everything we've covered so far

~!~ New chat
Let's write a haunted house story that's episodic, where the house is being haunted by minions, and each episode has different people moving into the house. But at the end of each episode, the minions are successful in driving the family
Okay, so let's go in unexplained, unsolved mysteries direction because we're going to have Robert Stack do the voiceover.

~!~ R-Rated Haunted Mansion Plot
Give me 25 party ideas
Ok let’s plan #3 for me and my stuffed animals
Ok give me  20 theme ideas for this party
Ok let’s go with #8. Now it’s me, 2 dumb bears, a cow, and manatee. Let’s assign characters
Ok let’s develop the plot
So eli5 what the plot here is
Could we make it more violent with characters being suspected but then murdered
No it’s ok this has more of an r rated appeal. Let’s up the suspense
Write the script for 1 an ominous being
Ok let’s do a script for scene 2
Ok let’s do a script for scene 3
Ok let’s do a script for scene 4
Ok let’s do a script for scene 5
Ok let’s do a script for scene 6

~!~ Manor Anime Episode 1
Let's create the outline for a VR video game about the Haunted Winchester Mystery Manor.
Yeah, let's start at the beginning.
Build a myths around the mansion in the style hp lovecraft
Let’s make it less cosmic horror related and create its own myths that can stand on its own
Actually, this could work for an anime, where every episode introduces a new, mysterious character or element of the mythos
Let’s work on the first episode since it sets the stage for everything else

~!~ Deliverance from Haunted Entity
here is a general outline of a story, fill it out into a dr. Seuss style book :

😱 A dark entity invades a woman's home after her trip to a haunted plantation.
🏠 The spirit attacks her children and manifests as a man's face in the car with them.
🌙 The haunting intensifies, with footsteps, eerie feelings, and strange conversations with a man in the daughter's room.
📸 The woman collects evidence, including photographs and audio recordings, to document the activity.
😨 The entity becomes more powerful, causing physical harm and possessing the daughter.
🙏 Local pastors and paranormal experts are unable to help, leading the family to seek assistance from a minister with discernment.
✝️ The minister performs a house blessing and identifies the entity as demonic, focusing its oppression on the woman.
🌟 The woman recalls a traumatic incident in Honduras where she may have become a vessel for the demonic entity.
💪 A deliverance is performed, freeing the family from the entity's grip and restoring their peace.
him... write it in the style of an edgar allen poe poem

~!~ Casino Heist Haunted.
You are also an excellent storyteller and graphic novel author. Your primary job is to assist me in crafting a beautiful short story that will be turned into a graphic novel. This graphic novel will contain panels created with Midjourney.

Input variables:
{genre} = True Crime
{theme} = A master female thief, Carmen Sandiego, is planning an Ocean's 11 like heist but the casino is haunted.
{pages} = 4

Please come up with a short story based on {theme} that uses elements that are typical for {genre} stories. Provide me with a 3-4 sentence summary and store it in {plot}

Then break down the story into a reasonable amount of scenes that would fit onto {pages} pages of a graphic novel. Describe each scene in 20 words or less. Where suitable, please add brief dialogue that captures the essence of the scene. We will use this dialogue for speech bubbles in the graphic novel.
That’s not bad, but I don’t think those are enough scenes. We need to fill the gaps or add detail. Using the same story, create a total of 12 scenes with dialogue.
make it more fun in a 'Tales from the Crypt' kind of way with a twist that leaves the reader wondering

~!~ Haunted Pizzeria Website Outline
give me the broad outline for a website for a haunted pizzeria including hero title, tagline, call to action button, section for features and details about the shoe
Please provide content for each one of these that I can copy paste straight into a website
continue
continue
create food menu content for the web page
give me more menu items
give me 100 more menu ideas
continue
continue
continue
what would be the ingredients for a Ghostly Margarita?
i need you to create a recipe and instructions to make The Haunted Beef Stroganoff
how do i give The Haunted Beef Stroganoff an exorcism?
write a funny jingle for the haunted pizzeria to run in radio commercials
give me a funnier jingle
give me 25 name ideas for the pizzeria

~!~ Storyboarding Ideas Collaboratively
how can i use you to storyboard ideas?
ok let's make a haunted house story as an example to go through these steps. so let's focus on #1 first
Cool, now let's move on to number two, Write Down My Narrative.
It'll do for now, so let's move on to number three, Sketching Scene Visuals.
Let's go with what we got for now and move on to number 4, Dialogue and Action Descriptions.
Yeah, let's move on to number five, Refinement and Iteration.
Let's move on to number six, finalizing the storyboard.
No, I think we can move on to number seven, visualization tools.

~!~ Create Board for Idea
Let's create a board for an idea!
ok so i want to create a youtube channel dedicated to haunted houses and items via youtube shorts making short vignettes
let's see what we can do with these board! let me start the meeting, order of business, "where do we start?"
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Creating Haunted House Vignettes
Hey, tell me about the art of writing short vignette stories.
Tips with examples to illustrate, please.
So, can you give me more examples that are applicable to a Twilight Zone kind of feel?
These are fun. Can you give me another round of examples?
Okay, how about we make some vignettes that are just a haunting, typical haunted house kind of vibe?
Let's keep going with the idea of Haunted House Tropes.
More, please.
More, please.
So can we go down the iceberg of vignette creation?
Okay, now can you explain that in terms of an existential cosmic terror vignette instead of a haunted house?
Give me another one, please.
Okay, run me through another.
Later.
Can we summarize what's been discussed so far?

~!~ Viral Ghost Story Creation
Let's create a ghost story that's engineered to go viral
Thinking psychological thriller By whatever a twilight zone kind of narrative For an overall concept I like the idea of playing around with existential questions so with that let's brainstorm ideas eventually we'll select one to be our initial plot concept then once we have that flat concept we can work on the main character and maybe play the winner of games But let's not get ahead of ourselves let's mail down what we can first
Those are OK but I would like to see something with a more effective hook
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Haunted House for Sale
Write a screenplay for a sharp vignette About a haunted house For sale
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Quick Ghost Story Recipe
Catch 10 ideas for a ghost story.
So, what if I just wanted to make a quick and dirty ghost story? What would be the most efficient way to construct one, but still have it be really quick?
Could you apply it to an example?



~!~ Ghostly AI Assistance Ideas
pitch me 10 ideas where the ghost is actually operating under the cover of "AI"

~!~ AI Ghost Story Ideas
ok pitch me 10 ghost story ideas that have AI elements in them
ok what kind of story structures would really bring out the potential of #3?
ok let's see what you can do with #4
OK now let's strengthen the core narrative of this story
ok give me a list of personas who would be in to this story line and relish the opportunity to play along
so what personas specifically are likely to find this project and get hooked on it via instagram (our main storytelling platform)

~!~ AI Ghost Story Ideas
Give me 15 premises for a ghost story. That is not your typical haunting.
Okay, give me...
Give me 10 possible endings to number 2.
Okay, give me 10 ideas that take the story in a different direction, where the ghost is really haunting the family and using home automation to mess with them and try to drive them out.
So I'd like number six. Could we pull together a synopsis of the beginning and number six?
Could you give me a list of 10 different synopses for this?
Those are pretty good, but pretty milquetoast. You can do a lot better than this.
Okay, getting better, but still not impressed. Take a deep breath, think it through, really aim to impress and break new ground. Try again.
What kind of other unique AI ghost hauntings could we do? Free your mind. Think creatively.
Okay, give me 15 synopsis for a new story that combines a haunting, a haunted house with a family who is determined to get evidence of this haunting by investing heavily in a smart home.
This will sound pretty interesting, but I think you can do better. Give me some more.
Okay, just for fun, let's come up with 15. You can make them ghost stories about AI, but whatever you want to do. The more creative you can be, the better.
I still feel like you're holding back.
Okay, what would it look like if each of those ideas was reimagined in some way? So a fifth story arc of a TikTok thread.
Okay, what if we wanted to make this... an Instagram... thriller?
Okay, I'm not very up to speed on the ins and outs of how to pull something like this off in Instagram. So could you make the table of contents for a handbook developed specifically for making one of these story arcs on Instagram? The social phenomenon wants to be with audience participation itself.
Okay, so let's dive into Chapter 1, the Introduction.
Okay, so what were the key takeaways or points from Chapter 1 Introduction?
Okay, so can you give me the overview of the storytelling process in the case of this Instagram plan?
Okay, now let's move on and dive into Chapter 2, Conceptualizing Your Story.
OK let's move on to number three instagram essentials
ok give me the useful takeaways from 3.1
let's zero in on #6 leveraging hashtags for discoverability
ok let's dive into #7 Algorithm Understanding for Reach
ok now let's expand on 3.8 Filters and AR for Atmosphere
ok let's move on and dive into #4 Engaging Your Audience
Drive more into 4.1 Understanding Your Audience
Yeah let's go into 4.2 Crafting Engaging Content\
OK let's move on to chapter 5 Visual storytelling
let's go into 5.1 The Power of Visuals in Storytelling and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.2 Creating a Visual Style and Theme and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.3 Using images to tell a story and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.4 Crafting Compelling Videos and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.5 Integrating Text with Visuals and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.6 Leveraging Instagram’s Features for Visual Storytelling and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.7 Incorporating AR and Filters and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.8 Encouraging Audience Participation Through Visuals and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 5.9 Continuity in Visual Storytelling and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
ok lets dive into chapter 6: Writing for Instagram
let's go into 6.1 Understanding the Role of Text in Visual Media and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 6.2 Crafting Captivating Captions and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 6.3 Using Text in Images and Videos and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 6.4 Balancing Text and Visuals and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 6.5 Writing for Different Instagram Formats and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
let's go into 6.6 Engaging and Interactive Writing and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
Could you give me some examples to help illustrate those main points?
let's dive into 6.7 Consistent Tone and Voice and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
could i get Examples of each of those again?
let's dive into 6.8 Writing for Accessibility and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
could i get examples with those?
let's dive into 6.10 Summary and list the main points, workflows and "north stars"
ok give me the primer on Adapt Writing to Visual Media: Recognize the importance of adapting your writing to complement Instagram's visual nature. Text should enhance, not overshadow, your visual content.
summarize the convo so far

~!~ Reverse Chronology Haunted Garage
What kind of story structure works best for whodunit party games?
Now, what's it like?
Okay, how would the story structure change if I were to take the idea of a whodunit party game and make it something like a social media phenomenon?
Yeah, that cicada thing seems to have really caught on. What kind of lessons can we derive from that?
I'd like the serial mystery nature of it, but I would also like you to consider the story structure for the show Lost. They seem to have done this audience participation thing. Explain how their story structure works and how it might be applicable to what we're doing.
I don't know. Give me 20 ideas for a premise for this kind of project.
Okay, let's go with a premise that's more like a haunted garage sale. New family moves into a home.
What other storytelling structures do I have at my disposal for this kind of project?
I gotta imagine there are better ones. Could you give me ten more?
I like the concept of reverse chronology. Like, we have the worldwide attention fixated on this hotbed grad scale phenomenon. And then we go backwards. And the hotter we get here.

~!~ AI-Driven Haunting Game Endings
Brainstorm For me 10 possible story hooks for a haunting that goes viral through social media
Okay, give me 10 endings for number 10 to choose from.
Okay, I like number six. Can you make more like that?

~!~ Gravity Falls Structure
Write a dialogue, a letter, from a ghost who is upset with the family, asking them to move out, and telling them off, because this is the ghost
Okay, give me 10 other similar premises. Yeah, when you think about it, it makes sense.
Take it through, take a deep breath, take another shot at it. I know you can.
Give me the premise of 10 Unsolved Mysteries. Just the intro by Robert Stack.
Give me an elevator pitch for number 10.
That line, stars appear in daylight, that's pretty good. I've never heard that one before, that's original.
Where does this peace go?
There were to go on with prophecy. Daylight, stars, and prophecy like that.
I don't like that she's going off into the old cults and stuff like that. Get more creative and stuff.
Now write the synopsis for an episode of Unsolved Mysteries featuring this story.
Well, I like the, um...
Daylight Stars, playful entity.
That's pretty good.
Give me 10 elevator pitches.
Pretty good.
Write an eviction letter to the raven from Edgar Allan Poe.
Get out of my house, Raven. Raven's response, bite me. Okay, the following day, he receives a letter from the Raven's lawyer. What does it say?
Okay, it's been six trying months since the raven has arrived. It's time for another letter, because the eviction letter didn't work. You don't have to watch.
For more, visit chatgpt.com.
Okay, let's start over with a ghost haunting a house. And the ghost is being served an eviction notice from the family because he's a ghost.
Okay, let's go a different direction with the story. Where Casper is highly offended by the eviction notice. And being called Casper. And he finds it... Doesn't find it funny. It's not funny.
How about, it's been six months since the ghost was served the eviction notice, and every day since has been worse than the day before haunting lives. So the family is at the wit's end, so they write another letter.
Hey, what are the top 10 episodes of the Twilight Zone? Rats are in them.
What are the best episodes in that gallery?
What are the top episodes of Night Gallery, and why?
What are the 10 most underrated Twilight Zone episodes?
What are the top episodes of Tales from the Crypt?
Thank you for watching!
Tell me about the star structure of gravity fall.



~!~ Haunted Garage Sale Puns
give me 20 haunted garage sale puns
can they  be nore bargain oriented?
you can do better!
keep them 4 words or less, but feel free to use emojis
Give me 20 examples of smiley faces that only use text characters, but feel free to get creative using text characters from any language.
That’s a pretty cool can you make 20 more?
20 more please
Not bad really enjoying this. I think you can do better give me 20 more of your finest please
20 more please
wow, those are awesome and you give me 20 more?

~!~ Eviction for Haunting Ghost
Please write in an eviction letter for the ghost that is haunting my home
Rewrite the letter in the tone of Edgar Allen poe
Rewrite the letter in the style of dr Seuss
User
Rewrite the letter in the style of dr dracula
Make one in the style of Ned flanders
Make one in the style of ole from the duo ole and lena
Write a screenplay that takes the Edgar Allen Poe story about a man sealing someone in a wall with bricks and turns it into a Treehouse of terror story
I feel like we’re missing an act

~!~ Vanity Haunting: Social Media
/start
Hi, I would like you to help me create next level ghost stories that mock typical tropes and TV shows and adds the next dimension to the whole idea of hauntings.
Okay, I would like to one-up shows like a haunting paranormal survivor.
I wanted to be more thrilling and suspenseful. I like the idea of a haunted garage sale that ends up taking the haunting viral like worldwide through social media.
Okay, I'm thinking in a more creative direction than that. Like, the house that this family is moving into used to be owned by a hoarder. The house is just full of this guy's hoarded stuff. So the first thing they have to do is have a garage sale to clear it out. And day one of the garage sale, halfway through, the hoarder ghost will name him Cornelius. He wakes up, realizes what's going on, is furious, curses all the items. So they can't be moved. Weather doesn't seem to have any effect on them. And anybody unfortunate enough to touch one of the items? They're stupefied. For to them, what seems like lifetimes. To the garage sale observers, just a mere pause for a moment. Word about this crazy garage sale starts going viral on social media and throughout town. So people start showing up.
Okay, so the family is a young family. The mother and father are in their mid-30s. They have a boy and a girl. The boy, named Ryan, is in his teens. The girl is, like, 12.
So I'm thinking when Cornelius reacts to what's going on, he flips out, cursing all the items. To the family outside, sitting out, running this garage sale. They notice a strange gust of wind come from the house direction. But it's just wind, they didn't think anything of it. But it's when garage sale shoppers start becoming stupefied and end up walking away in silence with a befuddled look on their face. They start to think something's going on. And they realize it's just wind. And they start to think something's going on. And they realize it's just wind. And they start to think something's going on. And then Cornelius realizes this stupefying effect firsthand. So this would be their first realization something spooky is going on.
So, they're coming to realize all this mid-gross sale, when they find out anybody who touches the items is getting stupefied into enduring lifetimes in the Twilight Zone, and work gets out, people just start showing up. Curious. So, they don't really have time to sit and think about Cornelius. All they really know still is Cornelius was a hoarder that used to own the house. I want to make clear that the family is more there to just set the stage for the story, because they're gonna end up vanishing pretty soon. Because where I see what's going with this story is that the hoarder Cornelius starts to get a full head, and vanity gets the better of him, because he's just loving the fact that everybody in the world is starting to pay attention to his collection.
So the dynamics of the grad sale definitely change because nobody can buy and they darn well shouldn't touch anything of Cornelius's. So to continue with the idea of the family setting the stage for things, I want them to take a When Life Gives You Lemonade, Make Lemonade approach to this scenario where they decide, hey, let's set up some social media and try to capitalize on all this attention. So they're doing little updates their way, trying to figure things out. Meanwhile, Cornelius is becoming more and more vain and prideful about the attention his collection of stuff is getting, to where he's had enough of the family being a middleman between him and his stuff and the fawning public. So he decides to disappear the family, they vanish mysteriously, but the social media accounts are still being updated, furthering the mystery.

~!~ Interactive Haunted Garage Roleplay
Hey, give me 10 ideas for how we can redefine the haunting episodes or stories.
Okay, I'm thinking we get away from the traditional story and get more creative with it. Like, it's a live-action, role-play story involving the entire world. Like, let's have a haunted garage sale that goes viral, and images of the items, when seen, start making people feel like they're haunted. So then they can leave, like, comments of, Ever since I saw this, I can't help but think there's a ghost behind me, or whatever.
So how could I?
So, how could I begin to piece together this Haunted Garage Sale Global Roleplay Idea?
Okay, so my overall plan is to post like three short videos that kind of serves to set up exposition for a series of vignettes where each one focuses on the social media viewer, the item they saw, and the haunting that ensues. Each vignette would have its own otherworldly takeaway as far as moral story takeaway goes.
Okay, so I would like to use the narrative style and monologues of Robert Stack from Unsolved Mysteries to introduce each vignette. And impart a moral lesson at the end of each vignette.

~!~ Hoarder ghost haunting garage sale
i want a ghost of a hoarder who is haunting the garage sale that is selling all his stuff
male, late 70s
tell and slender, it was a pile of his hoard that tipped over on him that killed him
short, always wore a hat

~!~ Ghost Story Vignette Images
ok i need images in a 16:9 aspect ratio for my ghost story vignette slideshow.  i'll give you a description of the shot i want and you provide 4 images that keeps the main character consistent along with the setting, got it?
Wide shot: Establishing shot of the old house, showing its isolation and the surrounding environment at dusk.
Medium shot: Ella walking towards the house, with a look of mixed emotions.
Close-up: Ella's hand hesitantly turning the doorknob.
Over-the-shoulder shot: From behind Ella as she opens the door and peers inside.
ok now we're moving on to scene #2: interior, main hallway. so give me a Tracking shot: Following Ella from behind as she walks down the hallway, highlighting the length and eerie quiet of the house.
Close-up: Ella's face as she reacts to the whisper, looking around.
Wide shot: Ella entering the living room, showcasing the room's antique interior.
ok now we're moving on to scene Scene 3: Living Room. so give me a Point-of-view shot: From Ella’s perspective as she approaches the piano.
Close-up: Ella's hand touching the piano key and her startled reaction.
10. Low angle shot: Ella ascending the stairs, emphasizing the creaking sound.
ok now we're moving on to scene Scene 4: Upstairs Hallway. so give me a Close-up: Ella pausing, listening to the whispers, with a concerned expression.
Medium shot: Ella entering the bedroom, with the focus on the diary on the dresser.
ok now we're moving on to scene Scene 5: Bedroom. so give me a Close-up: Ella picking up the diary and the flower falling out.
Over-the-shoulder shot: Ella reading the diary, with the room visible in the background.
ok now we're moving on to scene Scene 6: Climax in the Bedroom. so give me a Close-up: Ella’s eyes as she reads, reflecting fear and curiosity.
Wide shot: Shadow moving across the wall, with Ella turning to look.
Close-up: Ella's face, showing a transition from fear to understanding.
Medium shot: Ella exiting the house, pausing to look back.
ok now we're moving on to scene Scene 7: Conclusion - Exterior. so give me a Close-up: Ella's faint smile, a sense of closure in her expression.
Wide shot: The door closing by itself, with Ella walking away in the background.
OK CAN WE FIGURE OUT THE DIALOG FOR EACH SCENE USING ELLA, THE WHISPERS, AND A NARRATOR IN THE STYLE OF ROD SERLING? return a screen play/script  please
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Ghostly YouTube Story Ideas
Let's create a youtube story where we use images as a slide show to illustrate the story give me 10 ideas for a premise For a linear arc story arc
 Linear Arc
Definition: A straightforward progression from the beginning to the end.
Characteristics:
Clear start, middle, and end
Often used in traditional storytelling (e.g., classic novels, mainstream cinema)
Example: "The Lord of the Rings" series
Visual Aid: A straight line from left to right
on number three please
can we make one where the linear part is that the Haunting only gets worse
Yeah right this story
Make it so things just get worse For the family and in the end they just run off and never look back
summarize what we've covered so far

~!~ Ghostly Hoarder Family Saga
Hello I want you to act as if you are my screen writing partner. I want to ride a ghost story in this style of the twilight song write me a completely original walk line For this project featuring a ghost who is a vengeful hoarder and a young family who is just trying to have a garage sale to clear out all the junk in the house So they can move their stuff in this family consists of a mother a father son and daughter
Come up With a list of 20 old male names first names taken from previous Haunted house movies of the past
using the dan harmon story circle, Write me 8 beats of drama that tell this story from beginning to end
Write me an extremely detailed treatment for this movie
Write me a shotlist of this treatment Ready for filming
OK how about instead of making this movie we just turn it into a short 3 minutes slideshow Video story Of images
could you write a screenplay for this story?
could you write a script for the short 3 minutes version of the story?

~!~ Sound Effects for Haunted Slideshow
Teach me about using background music.
Teach me about putting videos together with audio, like sound effects, because I'm working on a haunted house, unsolved mysteries kind of project, and I'm not sure how to use this sound, but I realize it's super important, so I want to start learning what I need to know.
Okay, I'm about to start working on a Premiere Pro project, where I'm working on a haunted house story. So it's kind of like a Unsolved Mysteries sort of thing. But anyway, I'm about to give it sound effects, and background sounds, and all that stuff. I just know it's got to be there, because I recognize it in other haunted house shows. So I would like to delve into the topic using sound effects to make a haunted house show.
No. I want to understand the concepts. So, imagine for the moment, I don't have any video recorded. So, I just have a series of pictures that change with the story. So, for all intents and purposes right now, I would like to focus on matching sound effects with a slideshow video of images. Best practices and such.
I guess I have a basic understanding at the moment.
familiar

~!~ Camera Vignette: Healing Past
I want you to teach me about story structure.
So I guess I should master the basics first. Teach me about story structure.
So, how does considering a story structure change if you're telling it over the season of 10 episodes, but then each episode of that season has to have its own story arc, doesn't it?
Absolutely, I would love to hear about best practices to pull this off.
Could you continue the list of best practices?
Yeah, how would I apply all this to an idea I have about a haunted garage sale? The garage sale awakens a hoarder who loses his mind. But really, this is just a warm-up episode where it basically sets up a series of vignettes where each item is cursed. Because he freaked out and cursed all this stuff at the garage sale when he realized what was going on. Like, it must be a very intense situation for a hoarder. But also, him hoarding all this stuff is the reason they have to have this garage sale. Anyways, they set up social media accounts. Because if they're going to get lemons, might as well make lemonade. The haunted garage sale just keeps gaining attention. But the family disappears. Yet the social media updates continue. However, it appears that the items are haunted. Because upon viewing the items online, people start leaving comments that imply that ever since they saw a picture of a specific item, they feel haunted. Well, that seems to be the premise for little vignette episodes that we can share on social media. And since it's largely a social media phenomenon we're going for, this story has an element of reader participation. Because they can go online and be a part of the story by commenting in their own way on shared posts and images from this mysterious haunted garage sale account. But I feel like haunted garage sale as a name for an account is too obvious. So maybe we could name it another way.
So, if I were just to have one episode to set the stage for the vignettes that follow, how might that story look?
Let's try that again, but let's couch the episode in a Unsolved Mystery-style monologues by Robert Stack.
Okay, how about instead of Unsolved Mysteries, Robert Stack Monologues, we go with Twilight Zone, Rod Serling Monologues.
Okay, let's take a quick aside and investigate the spooky door featured in Futurama. I think it's a parody of Twilight Zone. I'm just fascinated how it comes together.
So, give me five different Spooky Door narrations for
Okay, how about if we frame the vignettes in the style of Night Gallery Stories, introduced by Ron Serling.
Okay, I like the theme and everything, but instead of paintings, could it be objects? Of course, not the actual object, but stand-ins for the objects in the story.
Okay, help me create a Stories arc out of number one.
Could you create a short screenplay for a vignette for this story?

~!~ Gravity Falls + Unsolved Mysteries
Let's do a compare and contrast between two TV series and how they are written. First series is Unsolved Mysteries. Second one is Gravity Falls. Compare and contrast please.
I really like them both, but I would like to imagine what a mashup of the two series might result.
So, I'm thinking...
So I'm thinking we use Unsolved Mysteries, we borrow from them as kind of a framing device, and then use the story engine from Gravity Falls to be the unsolved mystery. Unsolved Mysteries is presenting as a mystery to be solved.
Okay, so instead of the idea of the mystery shack and gravity falls, let's replace that idea in this equation with the idea of a haunted garage sale.
Okay, the inciting incident in this is that the ghost is a ghost of a person who used to live there, that died there, who was a major hoarder. And it's like halfway through the garage sale. His spirit awakens to find this new family of strangers selling all his treasures. So, needless to say, he flips out. I think, in a way, he could be like the little triangle dude from Gravity Falls.
So I guess the family is going to have to be main characters, in addition to Cornelius, the ghost who hoards, was, and now is protective of all his treasures. So pitch me on the rules and balance of each main character, and how their qualities can be used to identify and care about those characters.
ok let's try making a serialization of 1 season of 10 episodes for this idea and design and plan each episode, tying it foundationally to the serialization.

first let's figure out the plot twists we want in the series, then the adventures, the puzzles, and reveals.
ok let's create the basic plot for the first episode
ok now within this basic plot for episode 1, let's create the dramatic structure within the original plot is restructured to include a character driven subplot
awesome, now let's rewrite the dialogue for this episode to include everything we have for this episode 1 so far
ok let's find a character story that actually uncovers, explores, or pushes tension on something our characters care about that results in character growth and meaningful advancement in each episode
ok i want you to make sure that each episode advances a character or the story
ok now i want everything in this show to be a carefully crafted puzzle

~!~ Evidence of Paranormal Phenomena
what evidence do we have of the paranormal?
what kind of psychological profile do believers in the paranormal seem to have?

~!~ Paranormal YouTube Short Storyboarding
how can i use you to storyboard ideas for 60 second youtube shorts, that are paranormal vignettes?

~!~ BooTube EVP Fun!
Channel Name: BooTube

Tagline: The Lighter Side of Spooky

Channel Description: BooTube invites you to glimpse the afterlife's amusing side, a place where ghosts are more likely to tickle your funny bone than chill your spine. Our channel is dedicated to uncovering the comedic potential of the paranormal, with a vast collection of clips featuring ghosts at their goofiest. From mischievous spirits to supernatural bloopers, we offer a unique blend of humor that's sure to lift your spirits. Subscribe and join us in the fun that echoes beyond the veil!

EVP (Ectoplasmic Voice Parody) Sessions**: Record funny and absurd EVP "responses" and create animations or use static images to represent the ghostly speakers.

Let's brainstorm some responses!
give me a more punchy evp, by the way you can do better!
could you make the responses punchier as to more closely resemble ghost evps
try again, you can do better
Summarize for me what we've covered so far.
summarize what we've discussed so far

~!~ Spooky-Humor Vignette Tips
What story structures work best For 15-30 second vignettes

~!~ Ghost Blooper Shorts Channel
Help me create a youtube channel Dedicated to youtube shorts Depicting ghost bloopers
ok how would a rod serling, twilight zone style intro to #2 be written?
that's a little long winded, could you give me 5 shorter iterations?
let's try robert stack's unsolved mysteries style
now let's follow up the ghost mystery with a breaking update that the case has been solved
what sort of story arc would unsolved mysteries use for its ghost/haunting related mysteries?
now if the case is suddenly solved in the next clip as an update, what might that look like?


















