~!~ Moonlight Bay Trilogy Conclusion
ok new fun project, let's write a synopsis for what would have been the 3rd book and conclusion to the Moonlight Bay Trilogy
can you bring me up to speed on the first 2 books in the trilogy? it's been awhile since i read the books, our favorite character was orson
Hey, could you repeat that?
Okay, now give me five directions for a synopsis for the third book in this trilogy. And don't forget Orson is our favorite character.
You know, I expected better from you. I think you need to take a deep breath, think things through step by step. Take another deep breath and try again, because I have total confidence you can do way better than this.
Let's move forward with number four. Could you give me the synopsis and an overview of the 3x structure? And feel free to use whatever exotic story structure device you'd like.
Could you go over the story beats for Act 1?
Okay, let's go over the story beats in Act 2.
Try again.
Alright, now let's do the story beats for the final act of the book, story, and whole series. I just want you to tie up all the overarching themes.
Now, as an aside for fun...
What would this third book look like if it was written by Stephen King?
Thank you for watching!
Okay, now what if the third story in the Moonlight Bay trilogy was one of three parts of a Simpsons trilogy of their Halloween episode?
Now run a full...
Now write a folk song about the whole trilogy, the story that's shared on Moonlight Bay.
ok, let's switch gears and imagine if we went with Orson's Legacy direction with the 3rd book?
Write the Trilogy Bay as a Twilight Zone episode.
Okay, take the Moonlight Trilogy and its three parts, and make them a Treehouse of Horror Episode by The Simpsons, or in the style of The Simpsons.
Hey, what if we turn this series into a Bob's Burgers Halloween episode?
Give me 10 Burger of the Day ideas that Bob's Burgers would have for this episode.
Can you give me 15 that are making references to DuneCones or the Trilogy or whatever?
Let’s just make up five new episode ideas for Bob’s Burgers Halloween specials
Those are okay, but I know you can do better. Give me ten minutes.

Let’s just make up five new episode ideas for Bob’s Burgers Halloween specials
Thank you for watching.
Let’s just make up five new episode ideas for Bob’s Burgers Halloween specials
Why is the hauntening s6e3 of bobs burgers so good?
Give me 10 burgers of the day
Could they be for the Halloween episode?
I meant ghoul school
Ok let’s expand on the idea for an episode
What might it look like if Stephen king wrote a bob’s burgers Halloween special

~!~ How "A Haunting" Comes Together
how does a show like 'A Haunting' come together?
what forms of story arcs have they found power in?
if you have a haunted house, do you have to disclose to the buyer that it is haunted?
ok let's go through the construction of an example episode based on someone trying to evict a ghost
cool plan, can you explain the reason FOR each step and how you can really turn the screws for increased effect, and why you might want to do that
could you give me a synopsis of this episode?
ok here are some notes: make it about a raven
now what are some ways we could really spice up this story?
how would each one of these be used to really bring their role in the story arc to new heights?
let's see what this story would look like if it was primarily from the raven's perspective
Okay, let's do another draft from the perspective of a ghost that's not really getting involved, but thoroughly enjoying watching the family lose their minds over this raven.
Thank you for watching.
could you compare and contrast the two versions?

~!~ Orson in Moonlight Bay
give me details about the character of Orson from Dean Koontz's Moonlight Bay trilogy please
ok let's imagine a third book to this series, give me 10 possible beginnings to the 3rd book of the Moonlight Bay trilogy
I like #6, give me 10 possible endings that conclude the book and the moonlight trilogy
i like the #4 ending, devise a detailed story synopsis that is structured in three acts with a clear beginning, middle, end. Make sure to include plenty of conflict, and include a main character.
Tell me more about Christopher Snow. Include a physical description, his Myers-Briggs personality type, and information about how she responds to at least three different types of situations.
Tell me more about Orson. Include a physical description, his Myers-Briggs personality type, and information about how she responds to at least three different types of situations.
Give me 4 more characters that are fleshed out in the same way and are important to this story.

~!~ Pirate Flowers Unveiled
write up a poem about flowers who also happen to be pirates
now write it in the style of Dr. Seuss in a hurry

~!~ Pirate Flowers' Swashbuckling Journey
write up a poem about flowers who also happen to be pirates

~!~ Junji Ito-style Horror Vignettes
Pitch me 10 junji ito style 15- second vignettes
You can do better
Give me 15 taglines of further ideas
Better but you can still do better… really dig deep!
Can we give them a lovecraftian touch?
Taglines please
Ok let’s replace that touch of lovecraft with a touch of black mirror
Punchier taglines that you would see on a movie poster
Can we get some more variety in the taglines?
Now for fun add some funk to this next batch
Ok these are fun! Give me 15 more please!
More please!
How would a twilight zone from the 50s portray #?
Let’s do the 404 Love Not Found: A Digital Romance Error idea
Let’s do Diet App Dictator: Lose Weight or Lose Freedom
The Self-Cleaning House: It Cleans… Everything.
Your Life in VR: Reality Is Overrated Anyway.

~!~ Rod Serling And AI
what would rod serling think of the advancements of today in AI?

~!~ Furniture Undercover Detective Chronicles
give me 10 of your best youtube channel names based on a bunch of vignettes about a table and chair going undercover, typical detective movie hijynx
we like the idea of #5 but want something catchier and shorter
can i get 15 more ideas to choose from?
ok let's go with #13 FurniFiles -  now write a youtube channel description
write me an original, charmingly funny, and captivating 300 word detective story of a chair and table are working undercover to get the drop on some criminals. written in a first person perspective
write me an original, charmingly funny, and captivating 200 word detective story of a chair and table are working undercover to get the drop on some criminals. written in a first person perspective
cool, now divide this last story into parts and give me an explaination about the scene of that part so that i can make a picture about it
great  now create the image part 1 using its scene description, then do this again for part 2, then 3, then 4, then for the end
ok now we've got it already wrapped up, we just need to file in the video data for the youtube video. can we get a couple drafts of a 70-80 character title?
ok now we need a description for this video that will also double as the gold standard for our youtube social media efforts
could you also give us a list of youtube tags for this video?

~!~ House AI Saves Humanity
could you give me 10 premises for the following log line?
ok let's assume our premise is  
give me 10 ways this story starts
ok # sounds like a good start! give me 10 potential ending please!
let's try # for the ending, could you give me the synopsis of the story we have so far?

~!~ Book Report: Needful Things
write a book report for Stephen King's Needful Things
how does the story structure breakdown?
what crimes is Leland Gaunt guilty of?
write an opening state for court by the prosecutor charging Leland Gaunt
what would the defense's opening statement be?
what would be the game plan for the prosecution in this trial?
what would be the game plan for the defense in this trial?
what witnesses would be called during the trial?
what would be the most likely characters to be called to the witness stand for each side?
what are the possible specific charges Leeland Gaunt could face?
what witnesses are likely to be called to the stand for Leland Gaunt's Fraud charge?
which characters would testify to what crimes against Leland Gaunt?
does the story allude to Leland Gaunt being the devil?
write a transcript of a potential cross examination between an employee of Needful Things and the prosecutor
LeLand gaunt is being charged with Fraud, Manipulation and incitement to violence. write a transcript of a potential cross examination between an employee of Needful Things and the prosecutor
write a transcript of a potential cross-examination between Wilma Jerzyck and the prosecutor
rewrite the transcript with the defense being led by Atticus Finch
make cross examination of the other potential witnesses
Alan Pangborn
Danforth Keeton
write closing a closing statement for the prosecution
write closing a closing statement for the defense
what verdict would a jury reach?
write a front page newspaper story that the jury found Leland Gaunt guilty on all counts
write a front page newspaper story that the jury found Leland Gaunt not guilty on all counts
Let's assume Leland Gaunt was found not guity. Give me a day-by-day break down of the trial.
write a transcript of Sean Hannity's response to the verdict
write a transcript of Sean Hannity's response to Leland Gaunt's not guilty verdict
write a transcript of Sean Hannity's response to Leland Gaunt's guilty verdict
create a list of Leland Gaunt's Records of transactions
create a fictional list of Leland Gaunt's Records of transactions
replace dollar amounts with strange Needful Things like "favors"
replace dollar amounts with strange Needful Things like favors
replace dollar amounts with a single strange Needful Things typical favor to cause unrest in Castle Rock
create a record of transaction based on Leland Gaunt's trades from the story
what are different items in the story that towns people do favors for? list who, what they got, what they had to do, and the favor's influence
list more examples
list more examples of Leland Gaunt's trades for favors
list more examples of Leland Gaunt's trades for favors
how did each of these trades lead to unrest?
which trades combined resulted in a multiplier effect in damage to the town?
how did Leland Gaunt systematically make his trades to efficiently tear the town apart?
what was Leland Gaunt's underlying overall strategy and objective?
how could leland gaunt rebrand himself, change his image, and run for Mayor of Castle Rock after all this?
write a draft of both sides' opening statements
write a song about the trial in the style of Bob Dylan
write a toe tapping swing ballad about the trial
write an argentine tango song about the trial
annotate those lyrics with guitar chords
annotate those lyrics with keys
rewrite the song Argentine spanish

~!~ Top "Treehouse of Horror" Segments
You are an expert story analyzer. Start by giving me a list of the best simpsons treehouse of horror segments
Given those segments, provide me with a detailed scene-by-scene breakdown of these episodes, boiling it down to a formula that could be used for other similar episodic stories.
Could you repeat that?
Խստահանի լինություն ու մի Լակազերություն...
I said, could you provide me with a complete list of scenes I would need if crafting a simulator?
Tēnā koe!
I want you to write the promise.
Try again and make the burger the day's names.
Okay, I want you to give me 20 Burger of the Day ideas that refer to the Twilight Zone and their deep cuts. Make the names of the burger kind of punchy, because you can only write so much on that special of a day.
Ես լավ հաղակող էլ մեր նայնα շատ հետուներեց հեմ ԲոՏքը չվի «այսապեսպես» ։
You can do better. Try again.
No, I'm speaking English.
Cool, now give me 20 more fuckin' burgers of the day for Bob's...

~!~ Twilight Borgesian Pitches
give me 15 elevator pitches for the twilight zone episodes by jorge luis borges
can you give me 10 more but also include their taglines?

~!~ Borges' Twilight Zone Pitches
give me 15 elevator pitches for the twilight zone episodes by jorge luis borges









